adónde PR0CN00 adónde
algo PI0CN00 algo
alguien PI0CN00 alguien
alguno PI3FS00 alguno
alguno PI3FP00 alguno
alguno PI3MS00 alguno
alguno PI3MP00 alguno
ambas PI3FP00 ambas
ambos PI3MP00 ambos
aquel PD3MS00 aquel
aquél P000000 aquél
aquel PD3FS00 aquel
aquélla P000000 aquélla
aquel PD3FP00 aquel
aquello PD3CS00 aquello
aquel PD3MP00 aquel
aquesta PD00000 aquesta
aquésta PD00000 aquésta
aqueste PD00000 aqueste
aquéste PD00000 aquéste
aquestos PD00000 aquestos
aquéstos PD00000 aquéstos
conmigo PP1CS00 conmigo
consigo PP3CS00 consigo
contigo PP2CS00 contigo
cual PR3CS00 cual
cuál PT3CS00 cuál
cual PR3CP00 cual
cuál PT3CP00 cuál
cualquiera PI3CS00 cualquiera
cuanto PR0FS00 cuanto
cuánto PT3FS00 cuánto
cuanto PR0FP00 cuanto
cuánto PT3FP00 cuánto
cuánto PT3MS00 cuánto
cuantos PR0MP00 cuanto
cuántos PT3MP00 cuánto
cuyo PR3FS00 cuyo
cuyo PR3FP00 cuyo
cuyo PR3MS00 cuyo
cuyo PR3MP00 cuyo
demás PI3CP00 demás
donde PR00000 donde
dónde PT00000 dónde
él PP3MS00 él
ella PP3FS00 ella
ellas PP3FP00 ella
ello PP30S00 ello
ellos PP3MP00 él
esa PD3FS00 ese
ésa PD3FS00 ésa
esas PD3FP00 ese
ésas PD3FP00 ésa
ese PD3MS00 ese
ése PD3MS00 ése
eso PD3CS00 eso
esos PD3MP00 ese
ésos PD3MP00 ése
esta PD3FS00 este
ésta PD3FS00 ésta
estas PD3FP00 este
éstas PD3FP00 ésta
este PD3MS00 este
éste PD3MS00 éste
esto PD3CS00 esto
estos PD3MP00 este
éstos PD3MP00 éste
la PP3FSR0 ella
las PP3FPR0 ella
le PP3CSR0 él
él PP3CPR0 él
lo PP3CS00 ello
los PP3MPR0 él
me PP1CSR0 yo
yo PPIS000 yo
mí PP1CSN0 yo
mía PX1FS00 mía
mías PX1FP00 mía
mío PX1MS00 mío
míos PX1MP00 mío
mi PS0P000 mi
mismo P00FS00 mismo
mismo P00FP00 mismo
mismo P00MS00 mismo
mismo P00MP00 mismo
mucho PI3FS00 mucho
mucho PI3FP00 mucho
mucho PI3MS00 mucho
mucho PI3MP00 mucho
nada PI00000 nada
nadie PI3CS00 nadie
ninguno PI3FS00 ninguno
ninguno PI3FP00 ninguno
ninguno PI3MS00 ninguno
yo PP1CP00 yo
yo PP1FP00 yo
yo PP1MP00 yo
nuestra PX1FS00 nuestro
nuestras PX1FP00 nuestro
nuestro PX1MS00 nuestro
nuestros PX1MP00 nuestro
tú PP2CP00 tú
otro PI3FS00 otro
otro PI3FP00 otro
otro PI3MS00 otro
otro PI3MP00 otro
poco PI3FS00 poco
poco PI3FP00 poco
poco PI3MS00 poco
poco PI3MP00 poco
primero P03FS00 primero
primero P03FP00 primero
primero P03MS00 primero
primero P03MP00 primero
que PR3CN00 que
qué PT3CN00 qué
quien PR3CS00 quien
quién PT3CS00 quién
quien PR3CP00 quien
quién PT3CP00 quién
quinto P00FS00 quinto
quinto P00FP00 quinto
quinto P00MS00 quinto
quinto P00MP00 quinto
se PP3CNR0 él
segundo P03FS00 segundo
segundo P03FP00 segundo
segundo P03MS00 segundo
segundo P03MP00 segundo
sí PP3CN00 sí
sus PS0P000 sus
suya PX3FS00 suya
suya PX3FP00 suya
suyo PX3MS00 suyo
suyo PX3MP00 suyo
te PP2CSR0 tú
tercer P03FS00 tercer
tercer P03FP00 tercer
tercer P03MS00 tercer
tercer P03MP00 tercer
tú PP2CS00 tú
tú PP2CS00 tú
todo PI3FS00 todo
todo PI3FP00 todo
todo PI3MS00 todo
todo PI3MP00 todo
tú PP2CS00 tú
tu PS0P000 tu
tuyo PP2CS00 tuyo
tuyo PP2FP00 tuyo
tuyo PP2CS00 tuyo
tuyo PP2MP00 tuyo
último P03FS00 último
último P03FP00 último
último P03MS00 último
último P03MP00 último
uno PI0FS00 uno
uno PI0FP00 uno
uno PI0MS00 uno
uno PI0MP00 uno
usted PP2CS00 usted
usted PP2CP00 usted
tú PP2FP00 tú
tú PP2MP00 tú
vuestra PX2FS00 vuestro
vuestras PX2FP00 vuestro
vuestro PX2MS00 vuestro
vuestros PX2MP00 vuestro
yo PP1CS00 yo
