algún DI3MS00 algún
algún DI3FS00 algún
algunas DI3FP00 algún
alguno DI3MP00 alguno
ambas DI3FP00 ambas
ambos DI3MP00 ambos
aquel DD3MS00 aquel
aquel DD3FS00 aquel
aquel DD3FP00 aquel
aquel DD3MP00 aquel
bastante DI0CS00 bastante
bastante DI0CP00 bastante
cada DI0CS00 cada
cualesquiera DI0CP00 cualesquiera
cualquier DI0CS00 cualquier
cuanto D00FS00 cuanto
cuánto DT3FS00 cuánto
cuanto D00FP00 cuanto
cuánto DT3FP00 cuánto
cuanto D00MS00 cuanto
cuánto DT3MS00 cuánto
cuanto D00MP00 cuanto
cuánto DT3MP00 cuánto
demasiado DI3FS00 demasiado
demasiado DI3FP00 demasiado
demasiado DI3MS00 demasiado
demasiado DI3MP00 demasiado
don D00MS00 don
el TDMS0 el
ese DD3FS00 ese
ese DD3FP00 ese
ese DD3MS00 ese
ese DD3MP00 ese
este DD3FS00 este
este DD3FP00 este
este DD3MS00 este
este DD3MP00 este
la TDFS0 la
las TDFP0 la
lo TDCS0 lo
los TDMP0 el
mi DP1CS00 mi
mi DP1CP00 mi
mismo D00FS00 mismo
mismo D00FP00 mismo
mismo D00MS00 mismo
mismo D00MP00 mismo
mucho DI0FS00 mucho
mucho DI0FP00 mucho
mucho DI0MS00 mucho
mucho DI0MP00 mucho
ningún DI3MS00 ningún
ninguno DI3FS00 ninguno
ninguno DI3FP00 ninguno
nuestro DP1FS00 nuestro
nuestro DP1FP00 nuestro
nuestro DP1MS00 nuestro
nuestro DP1MP00 nuestro
otro DI3FS00 otro
otro DI3FP00 otro
otro DI3MS00 otro
otro DI3MP00 otro
poco DI3FS00 poco
poco DI3FP00 poco
poco DI3MS00 poco
poco DI3MP00 poco
qué DT3CN00 qué
su DP3CS00 su
su DP3CP00 su
tal DD0CS00 tal
tal DD0CP00 tal
tanto DI3FS00 tanto
tanto DI3FP00 tanto
tanto DI3MS00 tanto
tanto DI3MP00 tanto
todo DI3FS00 todo
todo DI3FP00 todo
todo DI3MS00 todo
todo DI3MP00 todo
tu DP2CS00 tu
tu DP2CP00 tu
un TIMS0 un
una TIFS0 un
unas TIFP0 un
unos TIMP0 un
varias DI3FP00 varias
varios DI3MP00 varios
vuestro DP2FS00 vuestro
vuestro DP2FP00 vuestro
vuestro DP2MS00 vuestro
vuestro DP2MP00 vuestro
