efectuamos V0IP1P0 efectuar
efectuáis V0IP2P0 efectuar
efectuaba V0II1S0 efectuar
efectuabas V0II2S0 efectuar
efectuaba V0II3S0 efectuar
efectuábamos V0II1P0 efectuar
efectuabais V0II2P0 efectuar
efectuaban V0II3P0 efectuar
efectué V0IS1S0 efectuar
efectuaste V0IS2S0 efectuar
efectuó V0IS3S0 efectuar
efectuamos V0IS1P0 efectuar
efectuasteis V0IS2P0 efectuar
efectuaron V0IS3P0 efectuar
efectuaré V0IF1S0 efectuar
efectuarás V0IF2S0 efectuar
efectuará V0IF3S0 efectuar
efectuaremos V0IF1P0 efectuar
efectuaréis V0IF2P0 efectuar
efectuarán V0IF3P0 efectuar
efectuaría V0C01S0 efectuar
efectuarías V0C02S0 efectuar
efectuaría V0C03S0 efectuar
efectuaríamos V0C01P0 efectuar
efectuaríais V0C02P0 efectuar
efectuarían V0C03P0 efectuar
efectuemos V0SP1P0 efectuar
efectuéis V0SP2P0 efectuar
efectuara V0SI1S0 efectuar
efectuase V0SI1S0 efectuar
efectuaras V0SI2S0 efectuar
efectuases V0SI2S0 efectuar
efectuara V0SI3S0 efectuar
efectuase V0SI3S0 efectuar
efectuáramos V0SI1P0 efectuar
efectuásemos V0SI1P0 efectuar
efectuarais V0SI2P0 efectuar
efectuaseis V0SI2P0 efectuar
efectuaran V0SI3P0 efectuar
efectuasen V0SI3P0 efectuar
efectuare V0SF1S0 efectuar
efectuares V0SF2S0 efectuar
efectuare V0SF3S0 efectuar
efectuáremos V0SF1P0 efectuar
efectuareis V0SF2P0 efectuar
efectuaren V0SF3P0 efectuar
efectuemos V0R01P0 efectuar
efectuémoslo V0R01P0 efectuar
efectuémosla V0R01P0 efectuar
efectuémoslos V0R01P0 efectuar
efectuémoslas V0R01P0 efectuar
efectuémosle V0R01P0 efectuar
efectuémosles V0R01P0 efectuar
efectuémonos V0R01P0 efectuar
efectuémosmelo V0R01P0 efectuar
efectuémosmela V0R01P0 efectuar
efectuémosmelos V0R01P0 efectuar
efectuémosmelas V0R01P0 efectuar
efectuémosmele V0R01P0 efectuar
efectuémosmeles V0R01P0 efectuar
efectuémostelo V0R01P0 efectuar
efectuémostela V0R01P0 efectuar
efectuémostelos V0R01P0 efectuar
efectuémostelas V0R01P0 efectuar
efectuémostele V0R01P0 efectuar
efectuémosteles V0R01P0 efectuar
efectuémosselo V0R01P0 efectuar
efectuémossela V0R01P0 efectuar
efectuémosselos V0R01P0 efectuar
efectuémosselas V0R01P0 efectuar
efectuémossele V0R01P0 efectuar
efectuémosseles V0R01P0 efectuar
efectuémonoslo V0R01P0 efectuar
efectuémonosla V0R01P0 efectuar
efectuémonoslos V0R01P0 efectuar
efectuémonoslas V0R01P0 efectuar
efectuémonosle V0R01P0 efectuar
efectuémonosles V0R01P0 efectuar
efectuémossenos V0R01P0 efectuar
efectuad V0R02P0 efectuar
efectuadme V0R02P0 efectuar
efectuadse V0R02P0 efectuar
efectuadlo V0R02P0 efectuar
efectuadla V0R02P0 efectuar
efectuadlos V0R02P0 efectuar
efectuadlas V0R02P0 efectuar
efectuadle V0R02P0 efectuar
efectuadles V0R02P0 efectuar
efectuadnos V0R02P0 efectuar
efectuádmelo V0R02P0 efectuar
efectuádmela V0R02P0 efectuar
efectuádmelos V0R02P0 efectuar
efectuádmelas V0R02P0 efectuar
efectuádmele V0R02P0 efectuar
efectuádmeles V0R02P0 efectuar
efectuádselo V0R02P0 efectuar
efectuádsela V0R02P0 efectuar
efectuádselos V0R02P0 efectuar
efectuádselas V0R02P0 efectuar
efectuádsele V0R02P0 efectuar
efectuádseles V0R02P0 efectuar
efectuádnoslo V0R02P0 efectuar
efectuádnosla V0R02P0 efectuar
efectuádnoslos V0R02P0 efectuar
efectuádnoslas V0R02P0 efectuar
efectuádnosle V0R02P0 efectuar
efectuádnosles V0R02P0 efectuar
efectuádsenos V0R02P0 efectuar
efectuar V0N0000 efectuar
efectuarme V0N0000 efectuar
efectuarte V0N0000 efectuar
efectuarse V0N0000 efectuar
efectuarlo V0N0000 efectuar
efectuarla V0N0000 efectuar
efectuarlos V0N0000 efectuar
efectuarlas V0N0000 efectuar
efectuarle V0N0000 efectuar
efectuarles V0N0000 efectuar
efectuarnos V0N0000 efectuar
efectuármelo V0N0000 efectuar
efectuármela V0N0000 efectuar
efectuármelos V0N0000 efectuar
efectuármelas V0N0000 efectuar
efectuármele V0N0000 efectuar
efectuármeles V0N0000 efectuar
efectuártelo V0N0000 efectuar
efectuártela V0N0000 efectuar
efectuártelos V0N0000 efectuar
efectuártelas V0N0000 efectuar
efectuártele V0N0000 efectuar
efectuárteles V0N0000 efectuar
efectuárselo V0N0000 efectuar
efectuársela V0N0000 efectuar
efectuárselos V0N0000 efectuar
efectuárselas V0N0000 efectuar
efectuársele V0N0000 efectuar
efectuárseles V0N0000 efectuar
efectuárnoslo V0N0000 efectuar
efectuárnosla V0N0000 efectuar
efectuárnoslos V0N0000 efectuar
efectuárnoslas V0N0000 efectuar
efectuárnosle V0N0000 efectuar
efectuárnosles V0N0000 efectuar
efectuársenos V0N0000 efectuar
efectuando V0G0000 efectuar
efectuándome V0G0000 efectuar
efectuándote V0G0000 efectuar
efectuándose V0G0000 efectuar
efectuándolo V0G0000 efectuar
efectuándola V0G0000 efectuar
efectuándolos V0G0000 efectuar
efectuándolas V0G0000 efectuar
efectuándole V0G0000 efectuar
efectuándoles V0G0000 efectuar
efectuándonos V0G0000 efectuar
efectuándomelo V0G0000 efectuar
efectuándomela V0G0000 efectuar
efectuándomelos V0G0000 efectuar
efectuándomelas V0G0000 efectuar
efectuándomele V0G0000 efectuar
efectuándomeles V0G0000 efectuar
efectuándotelo V0G0000 efectuar
efectuándotela V0G0000 efectuar
efectuándotelos V0G0000 efectuar
efectuándotelas V0G0000 efectuar
efectuándotele V0G0000 efectuar
efectuándoteles V0G0000 efectuar
efectuándoselo V0G0000 efectuar
efectuándosela V0G0000 efectuar
efectuándoselos V0G0000 efectuar
efectuándoselas V0G0000 efectuar
efectuándosele V0G0000 efectuar
efectuándoseles V0G0000 efectuar
efectuándonoslo V0G0000 efectuar
efectuándonosla V0G0000 efectuar
efectuándonoslos V0G0000 efectuar
efectuándonoslas V0G0000 efectuar
efectuándonosle V0G0000 efectuar
efectuándonosles V0G0000 efectuar
efectuándosenos V0G0000 efectuar
efectuado V0P00SM efectuar
efectuada V0P00SF efectuar
efectuados V0P00PM efectuar
efectuadas V0P00PF efectuar
efectúo V0IP1S0 efectuar
efectúas V0IP2S0 efectuar
efectúa V0IP3S0 efectuar
efectúan V0IP3P0 efectuar
efectúe V0SP1S0 efectuar
efectúes V0SP2S0 efectuar
efectúe V0SP3S0 efectuar
efectúen V0SP3P0 efectuar
efectúa V0R02S0 efectuar
efectúame V0R02S0 efectuar
efectúate V0R02S0 efectuar
efectúalo V0R02S0 efectuar
efectúala V0R02S0 efectuar
efectúalos V0R02S0 efectuar
efectúalas V0R02S0 efectuar
efectúale V0R02S0 efectuar
efectúales V0R02S0 efectuar
efectúanos V0R02S0 efectuar
efectúamelo V0R02S0 efectuar
efectúamela V0R02S0 efectuar
efectúamelos V0R02S0 efectuar
efectúamelas V0R02S0 efectuar
efectúamele V0R02S0 efectuar
efectúameles V0R02S0 efectuar
efectúatelo V0R02S0 efectuar
efectúatela V0R02S0 efectuar
efectúatelos V0R02S0 efectuar
efectúatelas V0R02S0 efectuar
efectúatele V0R02S0 efectuar
efectúateles V0R02S0 efectuar
efectúanoslo V0R02S0 efectuar
efectúanosla V0R02S0 efectuar
efectúanoslos V0R02S0 efectuar
efectúanoslas V0R02S0 efectuar
efectúanosle V0R02S0 efectuar
efectúanosles V0R02S0 efectuar
efectúe V0R03S0 efectuar
efectúeme V0R03S0 efectuar
efectúese V0R03S0 efectuar
efectúelo V0R03S0 efectuar
efectúela V0R03S0 efectuar
efectúelos V0R03S0 efectuar
efectúelas V0R03S0 efectuar
efectúele V0R03S0 efectuar
efectúeles V0R03S0 efectuar
efectúenos V0R03S0 efectuar
efectúemelo V0R03S0 efectuar
efectúemela V0R03S0 efectuar
efectúemelos V0R03S0 efectuar
efectúemelas V0R03S0 efectuar
efectúemele V0R03S0 efectuar
efectúemeles V0R03S0 efectuar
efectúeselo V0R03S0 efectuar
efectúesela V0R03S0 efectuar
efectúeselos V0R03S0 efectuar
efectúeselas V0R03S0 efectuar
efectúesele V0R03S0 efectuar
efectúeseles V0R03S0 efectuar
efectúenoslo V0R03S0 efectuar
efectúenosla V0R03S0 efectuar
efectúenoslos V0R03S0 efectuar
efectúenoslas V0R03S0 efectuar
efectúenosle V0R03S0 efectuar
efectúenosles V0R03S0 efectuar
efectúesenos V0R03S0 efectuar
efectúen V0R03P0 efectuar
efectúenme V0R03P0 efectuar
efectúense V0R03P0 efectuar
efectúenlo V0R03P0 efectuar
efectúenla V0R03P0 efectuar
efectúenlos V0R03P0 efectuar
efectúenlas V0R03P0 efectuar
efectúenle V0R03P0 efectuar
efectúenles V0R03P0 efectuar
efectúennos V0R03P0 efectuar
efectúenmelo V0R03P0 efectuar
efectúenmela V0R03P0 efectuar
efectúenmelos V0R03P0 efectuar
efectúenmelas V0R03P0 efectuar
efectúenmele V0R03P0 efectuar
efectúenmeles V0R03P0 efectuar
efectúenselo V0R03P0 efectuar
efectúensela V0R03P0 efectuar
efectúenselos V0R03P0 efectuar
efectúenselas V0R03P0 efectuar
efectúensele V0R03P0 efectuar
efectúenseles V0R03P0 efectuar
efectúennoslo V0R03P0 efectuar
efectúennosla V0R03P0 efectuar
efectúennoslos V0R03P0 efectuar
efectúennoslas V0R03P0 efectuar
efectúennosle V0R03P0 efectuar
efectúennosles V0R03P0 efectuar
efectúensenos V0R03P0 efectuar
