gibo V0IP1S0 gibar
gibas V0IP2S0 gibar
giba V0IP3S0 gibar
gibamos V0IP1P0 gibar
gibáis V0IP2P0 gibar
giban V0IP3P0 gibar
gibaba V0II1S0 gibar
gibabas V0II2S0 gibar
gibaba V0II3S0 gibar
gibábamos V0II1P0 gibar
gibabais V0II2P0 gibar
gibaban V0II3P0 gibar
gibé V0IS1S0 gibar
gibaste V0IS2S0 gibar
gibó V0IS3S0 gibar
gibamos V0IS1P0 gibar
gibasteis V0IS2P0 gibar
gibaron V0IS3P0 gibar
gibaré V0IF1S0 gibar
gibarás V0IF2S0 gibar
gibará V0IF3S0 gibar
gibaremos V0IF1P0 gibar
gibaréis V0IF2P0 gibar
gibarán V0IF3P0 gibar
gibaría V0C01S0 gibar
gibarías V0C02S0 gibar
gibaría V0C03S0 gibar
gibaríamos V0C01P0 gibar
gibaríais V0C02P0 gibar
gibarían V0C03P0 gibar
gibe V0SP1S0 gibar
gibes V0SP2S0 gibar
gibe V0SP3S0 gibar
gibemos V0SP1P0 gibar
gibéis V0SP2P0 gibar
giben V0SP3P0 gibar
gibara V0SI1S0 gibar
gibase V0SI1S0 gibar
gibaras V0SI2S0 gibar
gibases V0SI2S0 gibar
gibara V0SI3S0 gibar
gibase V0SI3S0 gibar
gibáramos V0SI1P0 gibar
gibásemos V0SI1P0 gibar
gibarais V0SI2P0 gibar
gibaseis V0SI2P0 gibar
gibaran V0SI3P0 gibar
gibasen V0SI3P0 gibar
gibare V0SF1S0 gibar
gibares V0SF2S0 gibar
gibare V0SF3S0 gibar
gibáremos V0SF1P0 gibar
gibareis V0SF2P0 gibar
gibaren V0SF3P0 gibar
giba V0R02S0 gibar
gibe V0R03S0 gibar
gibemos V0R01P0 gibar
gibémoslo V0R01P0 gibar
gibémosla V0R01P0 gibar
gibémoslos V0R01P0 gibar
gibémoslas V0R01P0 gibar
gibémosle V0R01P0 gibar
gibémosles V0R01P0 gibar
gibémonos V0R01P0 gibar
gibémosmelo V0R01P0 gibar
gibémosmela V0R01P0 gibar
gibémosmelos V0R01P0 gibar
gibémosmelas V0R01P0 gibar
gibémosmele V0R01P0 gibar
gibémosmeles V0R01P0 gibar
gibémostelo V0R01P0 gibar
gibémostela V0R01P0 gibar
gibémostelos V0R01P0 gibar
gibémostelas V0R01P0 gibar
gibémostele V0R01P0 gibar
gibémosteles V0R01P0 gibar
gibémosselo V0R01P0 gibar
gibémossela V0R01P0 gibar
gibémosselos V0R01P0 gibar
gibémosselas V0R01P0 gibar
gibémossele V0R01P0 gibar
gibémosseles V0R01P0 gibar
gibémonoslo V0R01P0 gibar
gibémonosla V0R01P0 gibar
gibémonoslos V0R01P0 gibar
gibémonoslas V0R01P0 gibar
gibémonosle V0R01P0 gibar
gibémonosles V0R01P0 gibar
gibémossenos V0R01P0 gibar
gibad V0R02P0 gibar
gibadme V0R02P0 gibar
gibadse V0R02P0 gibar
gibadlo V0R02P0 gibar
gibadla V0R02P0 gibar
gibadlos V0R02P0 gibar
gibadlas V0R02P0 gibar
gibadle V0R02P0 gibar
gibadles V0R02P0 gibar
gibadnos V0R02P0 gibar
gibádmelo V0R02P0 gibar
gibádmela V0R02P0 gibar
gibádmelos V0R02P0 gibar
gibádmelas V0R02P0 gibar
gibádmele V0R02P0 gibar
gibádmeles V0R02P0 gibar
gibádselo V0R02P0 gibar
gibádsela V0R02P0 gibar
gibádselos V0R02P0 gibar
gibádselas V0R02P0 gibar
gibádsele V0R02P0 gibar
gibádseles V0R02P0 gibar
gibádnoslo V0R02P0 gibar
gibádnosla V0R02P0 gibar
gibádnoslos V0R02P0 gibar
gibádnoslas V0R02P0 gibar
gibádnosle V0R02P0 gibar
gibádnosles V0R02P0 gibar
gibádsenos V0R02P0 gibar
giben V0R03P0 gibar
gibar V0N0000 gibar
gibarme V0N0000 gibar
gibarte V0N0000 gibar
gibarse V0N0000 gibar
gibarlo V0N0000 gibar
gibarla V0N0000 gibar
gibarlos V0N0000 gibar
gibarlas V0N0000 gibar
gibarle V0N0000 gibar
gibarles V0N0000 gibar
gibarnos V0N0000 gibar
gibármelo V0N0000 gibar
gibármela V0N0000 gibar
gibármelos V0N0000 gibar
gibármelas V0N0000 gibar
gibármele V0N0000 gibar
gibármeles V0N0000 gibar
gibártelo V0N0000 gibar
gibártela V0N0000 gibar
gibártelos V0N0000 gibar
gibártelas V0N0000 gibar
gibártele V0N0000 gibar
gibárteles V0N0000 gibar
gibárselo V0N0000 gibar
gibársela V0N0000 gibar
gibárselos V0N0000 gibar
gibárselas V0N0000 gibar
gibársele V0N0000 gibar
gibárseles V0N0000 gibar
gibárnoslo V0N0000 gibar
gibárnosla V0N0000 gibar
gibárnoslos V0N0000 gibar
gibárnoslas V0N0000 gibar
gibárnosle V0N0000 gibar
gibárnosles V0N0000 gibar
gibársenos V0N0000 gibar
gibando V0G0000 gibar
gibándome V0G0000 gibar
gibándote V0G0000 gibar
gibándose V0G0000 gibar
gibándolo V0G0000 gibar
gibándola V0G0000 gibar
gibándolos V0G0000 gibar
gibándolas V0G0000 gibar
gibándole V0G0000 gibar
gibándoles V0G0000 gibar
gibándonos V0G0000 gibar
gibándomelo V0G0000 gibar
gibándomela V0G0000 gibar
gibándomelos V0G0000 gibar
gibándomelas V0G0000 gibar
gibándomele V0G0000 gibar
gibándomeles V0G0000 gibar
gibándotelo V0G0000 gibar
gibándotela V0G0000 gibar
gibándotelos V0G0000 gibar
gibándotelas V0G0000 gibar
gibándotele V0G0000 gibar
gibándoteles V0G0000 gibar
gibándoselo V0G0000 gibar
gibándosela V0G0000 gibar
gibándoselos V0G0000 gibar
gibándoselas V0G0000 gibar
gibándosele V0G0000 gibar
gibándoseles V0G0000 gibar
gibándonoslo V0G0000 gibar
gibándonosla V0G0000 gibar
gibándonoslos V0G0000 gibar
gibándonoslas V0G0000 gibar
gibándonosle V0G0000 gibar
gibándonosles V0G0000 gibar
gibándosenos V0G0000 gibar
gibado V0P00SM gibar
gibada V0P00SF gibar
gibados V0P00PM gibar
gibadas V0P00PF gibar
gimo V0IP1S0 gemir
gimes V0IP2S0 gemir
gime V0IP3S0 gemir
gimen V0IP3P0 gemir
gimió V0IS3S0 gemir
gimieron V0IS3P0 gemir
gima V0SP1S0 gemir
gimas V0SP2S0 gemir
gima V0SP3S0 gemir
gimamos V0SP1P0 gemir
gimáis V0SP2P0 gemir
giman V0SP3P0 gemir
gimiera V0SI1S0 gemir
gimiese V0SI1S0 gemir
gimieras V0SI2S0 gemir
gimieses V0SI2S0 gemir
gimiera V0SI3S0 gemir
gimiese V0SI3S0 gemir
gimiéramos V0SI1P0 gemir
gimiésemos V0SI1P0 gemir
gimierais V0SI2P0 gemir
gimieseis V0SI2P0 gemir
gimieran V0SI3P0 gemir
gimiesen V0SI3P0 gemir
gime V0R02S0 gemir
gima V0R03S0 gemir
gimamos V0R01P0 gemir
gimámoslo V0R01P0 gemir
gimámosla V0R01P0 gemir
gimámoslos V0R01P0 gemir
gimámoslas V0R01P0 gemir
gimámosle V0R01P0 gemir
gimámosles V0R01P0 gemir
gimámonos V0R01P0 gemir
gimámosmelo V0R01P0 gemir
gimámosmela V0R01P0 gemir
gimámosmelos V0R01P0 gemir
gimámosmelas V0R01P0 gemir
gimámosmele V0R01P0 gemir
gimámosmeles V0R01P0 gemir
gimámostelo V0R01P0 gemir
gimámostela V0R01P0 gemir
gimámostelos V0R01P0 gemir
gimámostelas V0R01P0 gemir
gimámostele V0R01P0 gemir
gimámosteles V0R01P0 gemir
gimámosselo V0R01P0 gemir
gimámossela V0R01P0 gemir
gimámosselos V0R01P0 gemir
gimámosselas V0R01P0 gemir
gimámossele V0R01P0 gemir
gimámosseles V0R01P0 gemir
gimámonoslo V0R01P0 gemir
gimámonosla V0R01P0 gemir
gimámonoslos V0R01P0 gemir
gimámonoslas V0R01P0 gemir
gimámonosle V0R01P0 gemir
gimámonosles V0R01P0 gemir
gimámossenos V0R01P0 gemir
giman V0R03P0 gemir
gimiendo V0G0000 gemir
gimiéndome V0G0000 gemir
gimiéndote V0G0000 gemir
gimiéndose V0G0000 gemir
gimiéndolo V0G0000 gemir
gimiéndola V0G0000 gemir
gimiéndolos V0G0000 gemir
gimiéndolas V0G0000 gemir
gimiéndole V0G0000 gemir
gimiéndoles V0G0000 gemir
gimiéndonos V0G0000 gemir
gimiéndomelo V0G0000 gemir
gimiéndomela V0G0000 gemir
gimiéndomelos V0G0000 gemir
gimiéndomelas V0G0000 gemir
gimiéndomele V0G0000 gemir
gimiéndomeles V0G0000 gemir
gimiéndotelo V0G0000 gemir
gimiéndotela V0G0000 gemir
gimiéndotelos V0G0000 gemir
gimiéndotelas V0G0000 gemir
gimiéndotele V0G0000 gemir
gimiéndoteles V0G0000 gemir
gimiéndoselo V0G0000 gemir
gimiéndosela V0G0000 gemir
gimiéndoselos V0G0000 gemir
gimiéndoselas V0G0000 gemir
gimiéndosele V0G0000 gemir
gimiéndoseles V0G0000 gemir
gimiéndonoslo V0G0000 gemir
gimiéndonosla V0G0000 gemir
gimiéndonoslos V0G0000 gemir
gimiéndonoslas V0G0000 gemir
gimiéndonosle V0G0000 gemir
gimiéndonosles V0G0000 gemir
gimiéndosenos V0G0000 gemir
giro V0IP1S0 girar
giras V0IP2S0 girar
gira V0IP3S0 girar
giramos V0IP1P0 girar
giráis V0IP2P0 girar
giran V0IP3P0 girar
giraba V0II1S0 girar
girabas V0II2S0 girar
giraba V0II3S0 girar
girábamos V0II1P0 girar
girabais V0II2P0 girar
giraban V0II3P0 girar
giré V0IS1S0 girar
giraste V0IS2S0 girar
giró V0IS3S0 girar
giramos V0IS1P0 girar
girasteis V0IS2P0 girar
giraron V0IS3P0 girar
giraré V0IF1S0 girar
girarás V0IF2S0 girar
girará V0IF3S0 girar
giraremos V0IF1P0 girar
giraréis V0IF2P0 girar
girarán V0IF3P0 girar
giraría V0C01S0 girar
girarías V0C02S0 girar
giraría V0C03S0 girar
giraríamos V0C01P0 girar
giraríais V0C02P0 girar
girarían V0C03P0 girar
gire V0SP1S0 girar
gires V0SP2S0 girar
gire V0SP3S0 girar
giremos V0SP1P0 girar
giréis V0SP2P0 girar
giren V0SP3P0 girar
girara V0SI1S0 girar
girase V0SI1S0 girar
giraras V0SI2S0 girar
girases V0SI2S0 girar
girara V0SI3S0 girar
girase V0SI3S0 girar
giráramos V0SI1P0 girar
girásemos V0SI1P0 girar
girarais V0SI2P0 girar
giraseis V0SI2P0 girar
giraran V0SI3P0 girar
girasen V0SI3P0 girar
girare V0SF1S0 girar
girares V0SF2S0 girar
girare V0SF3S0 girar
giráremos V0SF1P0 girar
girareis V0SF2P0 girar
giraren V0SF3P0 girar
gira V0R02S0 girar
gire V0R03S0 girar
giremos V0R01P0 girar
girémoslo V0R01P0 girar
girémosla V0R01P0 girar
girémoslos V0R01P0 girar
girémoslas V0R01P0 girar
girémosle V0R01P0 girar
girémosles V0R01P0 girar
girémonos V0R01P0 girar
girémosmelo V0R01P0 girar
girémosmela V0R01P0 girar
girémosmelos V0R01P0 girar
girémosmelas V0R01P0 girar
girémosmele V0R01P0 girar
girémosmeles V0R01P0 girar
girémostelo V0R01P0 girar
girémostela V0R01P0 girar
girémostelos V0R01P0 girar
girémostelas V0R01P0 girar
girémostele V0R01P0 girar
girémosteles V0R01P0 girar
girémosselo V0R01P0 girar
girémossela V0R01P0 girar
girémosselos V0R01P0 girar
girémosselas V0R01P0 girar
girémossele V0R01P0 girar
girémosseles V0R01P0 girar
girémonoslo V0R01P0 girar
girémonosla V0R01P0 girar
girémonoslos V0R01P0 girar
girémonoslas V0R01P0 girar
girémonosle V0R01P0 girar
girémonosles V0R01P0 girar
girémossenos V0R01P0 girar
girad V0R02P0 girar
giradme V0R02P0 girar
giradse V0R02P0 girar
giradlo V0R02P0 girar
giradla V0R02P0 girar
giradlos V0R02P0 girar
giradlas V0R02P0 girar
giradle V0R02P0 girar
giradles V0R02P0 girar
giradnos V0R02P0 girar
girádmelo V0R02P0 girar
girádmela V0R02P0 girar
girádmelos V0R02P0 girar
girádmelas V0R02P0 girar
girádmele V0R02P0 girar
girádmeles V0R02P0 girar
girádselo V0R02P0 girar
girádsela V0R02P0 girar
girádselos V0R02P0 girar
girádselas V0R02P0 girar
girádsele V0R02P0 girar
girádseles V0R02P0 girar
girádnoslo V0R02P0 girar
girádnosla V0R02P0 girar
girádnoslos V0R02P0 girar
girádnoslas V0R02P0 girar
girádnosle V0R02P0 girar
girádnosles V0R02P0 girar
girádsenos V0R02P0 girar
giren V0R03P0 girar
girar V0N0000 girar
girarme V0N0000 girar
girarte V0N0000 girar
girarse V0N0000 girar
girarlo V0N0000 girar
girarla V0N0000 girar
girarlos V0N0000 girar
girarlas V0N0000 girar
girarle V0N0000 girar
girarles V0N0000 girar
girarnos V0N0000 girar
girármelo V0N0000 girar
girármela V0N0000 girar
girármelos V0N0000 girar
girármelas V0N0000 girar
girármele V0N0000 girar
girármeles V0N0000 girar
girártelo V0N0000 girar
girártela V0N0000 girar
girártelos V0N0000 girar
girártelas V0N0000 girar
girártele V0N0000 girar
girárteles V0N0000 girar
girárselo V0N0000 girar
girársela V0N0000 girar
girárselos V0N0000 girar
girárselas V0N0000 girar
girársele V0N0000 girar
girárseles V0N0000 girar
girárnoslo V0N0000 girar
girárnosla V0N0000 girar
girárnoslos V0N0000 girar
girárnoslas V0N0000 girar
girárnosle V0N0000 girar
girárnosles V0N0000 girar
girársenos V0N0000 girar
girando V0G0000 girar
girándome V0G0000 girar
girándote V0G0000 girar
girándose V0G0000 girar
girándolo V0G0000 girar
girándola V0G0000 girar
girándolos V0G0000 girar
girándolas V0G0000 girar
girándole V0G0000 girar
girándoles V0G0000 girar
girándonos V0G0000 girar
girándomelo V0G0000 girar
girándomela V0G0000 girar
girándomelos V0G0000 girar
girándomelas V0G0000 girar
girándomele V0G0000 girar
girándomeles V0G0000 girar
girándotelo V0G0000 girar
girándotela V0G0000 girar
girándotelos V0G0000 girar
girándotelas V0G0000 girar
girándotele V0G0000 girar
girándoteles V0G0000 girar
girándoselo V0G0000 girar
girándosela V0G0000 girar
girándoselos V0G0000 girar
girándoselas V0G0000 girar
girándosele V0G0000 girar
girándoseles V0G0000 girar
girándonoslo V0G0000 girar
girándonosla V0G0000 girar
girándonoslos V0G0000 girar
girándonoslas V0G0000 girar
girándonosle V0G0000 girar
girándonosles V0G0000 girar
girándosenos V0G0000 girar
girado V0P00SM girar
girada V0P00SF girar
girados V0P00PM girar
giradas V0P00PF girar
