ofendo V0IP1S0 ofender
ofendes V0IP2S0 ofender
ofende V0IP3S0 ofender
ofendemos V0IP1P0 ofender
ofendéis V0IP2P0 ofender
ofenden V0IP3P0 ofender
ofendía V0II1S0 ofender
ofendías V0II2S0 ofender
ofendía V0II3S0 ofender
ofendíamos V0II1P0 ofender
ofendíais V0II2P0 ofender
ofendían V0II3P0 ofender
ofendí V0IS1S0 ofender
ofendiste V0IS2S0 ofender
ofendió V0IS3S0 ofender
ofendimos V0IS1P0 ofender
ofendisteis V0IS2P0 ofender
ofendieron V0IS3P0 ofender
ofenderé V0IF1S0 ofender
ofenderás V0IF2S0 ofender
ofenderá V0IF3S0 ofender
ofenderemos V0IF1P0 ofender
ofenderéis V0IF2P0 ofender
ofenderán V0IF3P0 ofender
ofendería V0C01S0 ofender
ofenderías V0C02S0 ofender
ofendería V0C03S0 ofender
ofenderíamos V0C01P0 ofender
ofenderíais V0C02P0 ofender
ofenderían V0C03P0 ofender
ofenda V0SP1S0 ofender
ofendas V0SP2S0 ofender
ofenda V0SP3S0 ofender
ofendamos V0SP1P0 ofender
ofendáis V0SP2P0 ofender
ofendan V0SP3P0 ofender
ofendiera V0SI1S0 ofender
ofendiese V0SI1S0 ofender
ofendieras V0SI2S0 ofender
ofendieses V0SI2S0 ofender
ofendiera V0SI3S0 ofender
ofendiese V0SI3S0 ofender
ofendiéramos V0SI1P0 ofender
ofendiésemos V0SI1P0 ofender
ofendierais V0SI2P0 ofender
ofendieseis V0SI2P0 ofender
ofendieran V0SI3P0 ofender
ofendiesen V0SI3P0 ofender
ofendiere V0SF1S0 ofender
ofendieres V0SF2S0 ofender
ofendiere V0SF3S0 ofender
ofendiéremos V0SF1P0 ofender
ofendiereis V0SF2P0 ofender
ofendieren V0SF3P0 ofender
ofende V0R02S0 ofender
oféndeme V0R02S0 ofender
oféndete V0R02S0 ofender
oféndelo V0R02S0 ofender
oféndela V0R02S0 ofender
oféndelos V0R02S0 ofender
oféndelas V0R02S0 ofender
oféndele V0R02S0 ofender
oféndeles V0R02S0 ofender
oféndenos V0R02S0 ofender
oféndemelo V0R02S0 ofender
oféndemela V0R02S0 ofender
oféndemelos V0R02S0 ofender
oféndemelas V0R02S0 ofender
oféndemele V0R02S0 ofender
oféndemeles V0R02S0 ofender
oféndetelo V0R02S0 ofender
oféndetela V0R02S0 ofender
oféndetelos V0R02S0 ofender
oféndetelas V0R02S0 ofender
oféndetele V0R02S0 ofender
oféndeteles V0R02S0 ofender
oféndenoslo V0R02S0 ofender
oféndenosla V0R02S0 ofender
oféndenoslos V0R02S0 ofender
oféndenoslas V0R02S0 ofender
oféndenosle V0R02S0 ofender
oféndenosles V0R02S0 ofender
ofenda V0R03S0 ofender
oféndame V0R03S0 ofender
oféndase V0R03S0 ofender
oféndalo V0R03S0 ofender
oféndala V0R03S0 ofender
oféndalos V0R03S0 ofender
oféndalas V0R03S0 ofender
oféndale V0R03S0 ofender
oféndales V0R03S0 ofender
oféndanos V0R03S0 ofender
oféndamelo V0R03S0 ofender
oféndamela V0R03S0 ofender
oféndamelos V0R03S0 ofender
oféndamelas V0R03S0 ofender
oféndamele V0R03S0 ofender
oféndameles V0R03S0 ofender
oféndaselo V0R03S0 ofender
oféndasela V0R03S0 ofender
oféndaselos V0R03S0 ofender
oféndaselas V0R03S0 ofender
oféndasele V0R03S0 ofender
oféndaseles V0R03S0 ofender
oféndanoslo V0R03S0 ofender
oféndanosla V0R03S0 ofender
oféndanoslos V0R03S0 ofender
oféndanoslas V0R03S0 ofender
oféndanosle V0R03S0 ofender
oféndanosles V0R03S0 ofender
oféndasenos V0R03S0 ofender
ofendamos V0R01P0 ofender
ofendámoslo V0R01P0 ofender
ofendámosla V0R01P0 ofender
ofendámoslos V0R01P0 ofender
ofendámoslas V0R01P0 ofender
ofendámosle V0R01P0 ofender
ofendámosles V0R01P0 ofender
ofendámonos V0R01P0 ofender
ofendámosmelo V0R01P0 ofender
ofendámosmela V0R01P0 ofender
ofendámosmelos V0R01P0 ofender
ofendámosmelas V0R01P0 ofender
ofendámosmele V0R01P0 ofender
ofendámosmeles V0R01P0 ofender
ofendámostelo V0R01P0 ofender
ofendámostela V0R01P0 ofender
ofendámostelos V0R01P0 ofender
ofendámostelas V0R01P0 ofender
ofendámostele V0R01P0 ofender
ofendámosteles V0R01P0 ofender
ofendámosselo V0R01P0 ofender
ofendámossela V0R01P0 ofender
ofendámosselos V0R01P0 ofender
ofendámosselas V0R01P0 ofender
ofendámossele V0R01P0 ofender
ofendámosseles V0R01P0 ofender
ofendámonoslo V0R01P0 ofender
ofendámonosla V0R01P0 ofender
ofendámonoslos V0R01P0 ofender
ofendámonoslas V0R01P0 ofender
ofendámonosle V0R01P0 ofender
ofendámonosles V0R01P0 ofender
ofendámossenos V0R01P0 ofender
ofended V0R02P0 ofender
ofendedme V0R02P0 ofender
ofendedse V0R02P0 ofender
ofendedlo V0R02P0 ofender
ofendedla V0R02P0 ofender
ofendedlos V0R02P0 ofender
ofendedlas V0R02P0 ofender
ofendedle V0R02P0 ofender
ofendedles V0R02P0 ofender
ofendednos V0R02P0 ofender
ofendédmelo V0R02P0 ofender
ofendédmela V0R02P0 ofender
ofendédmelos V0R02P0 ofender
ofendédmelas V0R02P0 ofender
ofendédmele V0R02P0 ofender
ofendédmeles V0R02P0 ofender
ofendédselo V0R02P0 ofender
ofendédsela V0R02P0 ofender
ofendédselos V0R02P0 ofender
ofendédselas V0R02P0 ofender
ofendédsele V0R02P0 ofender
ofendédseles V0R02P0 ofender
ofendédnoslo V0R02P0 ofender
ofendédnosla V0R02P0 ofender
ofendédnoslos V0R02P0 ofender
ofendédnoslas V0R02P0 ofender
ofendédnosle V0R02P0 ofender
ofendédnosles V0R02P0 ofender
ofendédsenos V0R02P0 ofender
ofendan V0R03P0 ofender
oféndanme V0R03P0 ofender
oféndanse V0R03P0 ofender
oféndanlo V0R03P0 ofender
oféndanla V0R03P0 ofender
oféndanlos V0R03P0 ofender
oféndanlas V0R03P0 ofender
oféndanle V0R03P0 ofender
oféndanles V0R03P0 ofender
oféndannos V0R03P0 ofender
oféndanmelo V0R03P0 ofender
oféndanmela V0R03P0 ofender
oféndanmelos V0R03P0 ofender
oféndanmelas V0R03P0 ofender
oféndanmele V0R03P0 ofender
oféndanmeles V0R03P0 ofender
oféndanselo V0R03P0 ofender
oféndansela V0R03P0 ofender
oféndanselos V0R03P0 ofender
oféndanselas V0R03P0 ofender
oféndansele V0R03P0 ofender
oféndanseles V0R03P0 ofender
oféndannoslo V0R03P0 ofender
oféndannosla V0R03P0 ofender
oféndannoslos V0R03P0 ofender
oféndannoslas V0R03P0 ofender
oféndannosle V0R03P0 ofender
oféndannosles V0R03P0 ofender
oféndansenos V0R03P0 ofender
ofender V0N0000 ofender
ofenderme V0N0000 ofender
ofenderte V0N0000 ofender
ofenderse V0N0000 ofender
ofenderlo V0N0000 ofender
ofenderla V0N0000 ofender
ofenderlos V0N0000 ofender
ofenderlas V0N0000 ofender
ofenderle V0N0000 ofender
ofenderles V0N0000 ofender
ofendernos V0N0000 ofender
ofendérmelo V0N0000 ofender
ofendérmela V0N0000 ofender
ofendérmelos V0N0000 ofender
ofendérmelas V0N0000 ofender
ofendérmele V0N0000 ofender
ofendérmeles V0N0000 ofender
ofendértelo V0N0000 ofender
ofendértela V0N0000 ofender
ofendértelos V0N0000 ofender
ofendértelas V0N0000 ofender
ofendértele V0N0000 ofender
ofendérteles V0N0000 ofender
ofendérselo V0N0000 ofender
ofendérsela V0N0000 ofender
ofendérselos V0N0000 ofender
ofendérselas V0N0000 ofender
ofendérsele V0N0000 ofender
ofendérseles V0N0000 ofender
ofendérnoslo V0N0000 ofender
ofendérnosla V0N0000 ofender
ofendérnoslos V0N0000 ofender
ofendérnoslas V0N0000 ofender
ofendérnosle V0N0000 ofender
ofendérnosles V0N0000 ofender
ofendérsenos V0N0000 ofender
ofendiendo V0G0000 ofender
ofendiéndome V0G0000 ofender
ofendiéndote V0G0000 ofender
ofendiéndose V0G0000 ofender
ofendiéndolo V0G0000 ofender
ofendiéndola V0G0000 ofender
ofendiéndolos V0G0000 ofender
ofendiéndolas V0G0000 ofender
ofendiéndole V0G0000 ofender
ofendiéndoles V0G0000 ofender
ofendiéndonos V0G0000 ofender
ofendiéndomelo V0G0000 ofender
ofendiéndomela V0G0000 ofender
ofendiéndomelos V0G0000 ofender
ofendiéndomelas V0G0000 ofender
ofendiéndomele V0G0000 ofender
ofendiéndomeles V0G0000 ofender
ofendiéndotelo V0G0000 ofender
ofendiéndotela V0G0000 ofender
ofendiéndotelos V0G0000 ofender
ofendiéndotelas V0G0000 ofender
ofendiéndotele V0G0000 ofender
ofendiéndoteles V0G0000 ofender
ofendiéndoselo V0G0000 ofender
ofendiéndosela V0G0000 ofender
ofendiéndoselos V0G0000 ofender
ofendiéndoselas V0G0000 ofender
ofendiéndosele V0G0000 ofender
ofendiéndoseles V0G0000 ofender
ofendiéndonoslo V0G0000 ofender
ofendiéndonosla V0G0000 ofender
ofendiéndonoslos V0G0000 ofender
ofendiéndonoslas V0G0000 ofender
ofendiéndonosle V0G0000 ofender
ofendiéndonosles V0G0000 ofender
ofendiéndosenos V0G0000 ofender
ofendido V0P00SM ofender
ofendida V0P00SF ofender
ofendidos V0P00PM ofender
ofendidas V0P00PF ofender
oferto V0IP1S0 ofertar
ofertas V0IP2S0 ofertar
oferta V0IP3S0 ofertar
ofertamos V0IP1P0 ofertar
ofertáis V0IP2P0 ofertar
ofertan V0IP3P0 ofertar
ofertaba V0II1S0 ofertar
ofertabas V0II2S0 ofertar
ofertaba V0II3S0 ofertar
ofertábamos V0II1P0 ofertar
ofertabais V0II2P0 ofertar
ofertaban V0II3P0 ofertar
oferté V0IS1S0 ofertar
ofertaste V0IS2S0 ofertar
ofertó V0IS3S0 ofertar
ofertamos V0IS1P0 ofertar
ofertasteis V0IS2P0 ofertar
ofertaron V0IS3P0 ofertar
ofertaré V0IF1S0 ofertar
ofertarás V0IF2S0 ofertar
ofertará V0IF3S0 ofertar
ofertaremos V0IF1P0 ofertar
ofertaréis V0IF2P0 ofertar
ofertarán V0IF3P0 ofertar
ofertaría V0C01S0 ofertar
ofertarías V0C02S0 ofertar
ofertaría V0C03S0 ofertar
ofertaríamos V0C01P0 ofertar
ofertaríais V0C02P0 ofertar
ofertarían V0C03P0 ofertar
oferte V0SP1S0 ofertar
ofertes V0SP2S0 ofertar
oferte V0SP3S0 ofertar
ofertemos V0SP1P0 ofertar
ofertéis V0SP2P0 ofertar
oferten V0SP3P0 ofertar
ofertara V0SI1S0 ofertar
ofertase V0SI1S0 ofertar
ofertaras V0SI2S0 ofertar
ofertases V0SI2S0 ofertar
ofertara V0SI3S0 ofertar
ofertase V0SI3S0 ofertar
ofertáramos V0SI1P0 ofertar
ofertásemos V0SI1P0 ofertar
ofertarais V0SI2P0 ofertar
ofertaseis V0SI2P0 ofertar
ofertaran V0SI3P0 ofertar
ofertasen V0SI3P0 ofertar
ofertare V0SF1S0 ofertar
ofertares V0SF2S0 ofertar
ofertare V0SF3S0 ofertar
ofertáremos V0SF1P0 ofertar
ofertareis V0SF2P0 ofertar
ofertaren V0SF3P0 ofertar
oferta V0R02S0 ofertar
ofértame V0R02S0 ofertar
ofértate V0R02S0 ofertar
ofértalo V0R02S0 ofertar
ofértala V0R02S0 ofertar
ofértalos V0R02S0 ofertar
ofértalas V0R02S0 ofertar
ofértale V0R02S0 ofertar
ofértales V0R02S0 ofertar
ofértanos V0R02S0 ofertar
ofértamelo V0R02S0 ofertar
ofértamela V0R02S0 ofertar
ofértamelos V0R02S0 ofertar
ofértamelas V0R02S0 ofertar
ofértamele V0R02S0 ofertar
ofértameles V0R02S0 ofertar
ofértatelo V0R02S0 ofertar
ofértatela V0R02S0 ofertar
ofértatelos V0R02S0 ofertar
ofértatelas V0R02S0 ofertar
ofértatele V0R02S0 ofertar
ofértateles V0R02S0 ofertar
ofértanoslo V0R02S0 ofertar
ofértanosla V0R02S0 ofertar
ofértanoslos V0R02S0 ofertar
ofértanoslas V0R02S0 ofertar
ofértanosle V0R02S0 ofertar
ofértanosles V0R02S0 ofertar
oferte V0R03S0 ofertar
oférteme V0R03S0 ofertar
ofértese V0R03S0 ofertar
ofértelo V0R03S0 ofertar
ofértela V0R03S0 ofertar
ofértelos V0R03S0 ofertar
ofértelas V0R03S0 ofertar
ofértele V0R03S0 ofertar
oférteles V0R03S0 ofertar
ofértenos V0R03S0 ofertar
ofértemelo V0R03S0 ofertar
ofértemela V0R03S0 ofertar
ofértemelos V0R03S0 ofertar
ofértemelas V0R03S0 ofertar
ofértemele V0R03S0 ofertar
ofértemeles V0R03S0 ofertar
oférteselo V0R03S0 ofertar
ofértesela V0R03S0 ofertar
oférteselos V0R03S0 ofertar
oférteselas V0R03S0 ofertar
ofértesele V0R03S0 ofertar
oférteseles V0R03S0 ofertar
ofértenoslo V0R03S0 ofertar
ofértenosla V0R03S0 ofertar
ofértenoslos V0R03S0 ofertar
ofértenoslas V0R03S0 ofertar
ofértenosle V0R03S0 ofertar
ofértenosles V0R03S0 ofertar
ofértesenos V0R03S0 ofertar
ofertemos V0R01P0 ofertar
ofertémoslo V0R01P0 ofertar
ofertémosla V0R01P0 ofertar
ofertémoslos V0R01P0 ofertar
ofertémoslas V0R01P0 ofertar
ofertémosle V0R01P0 ofertar
ofertémosles V0R01P0 ofertar
ofertémonos V0R01P0 ofertar
ofertémosmelo V0R01P0 ofertar
ofertémosmela V0R01P0 ofertar
ofertémosmelos V0R01P0 ofertar
ofertémosmelas V0R01P0 ofertar
ofertémosmele V0R01P0 ofertar
ofertémosmeles V0R01P0 ofertar
ofertémostelo V0R01P0 ofertar
ofertémostela V0R01P0 ofertar
ofertémostelos V0R01P0 ofertar
ofertémostelas V0R01P0 ofertar
ofertémostele V0R01P0 ofertar
ofertémosteles V0R01P0 ofertar
ofertémosselo V0R01P0 ofertar
ofertémossela V0R01P0 ofertar
ofertémosselos V0R01P0 ofertar
ofertémosselas V0R01P0 ofertar
ofertémossele V0R01P0 ofertar
ofertémosseles V0R01P0 ofertar
ofertémonoslo V0R01P0 ofertar
ofertémonosla V0R01P0 ofertar
ofertémonoslos V0R01P0 ofertar
ofertémonoslas V0R01P0 ofertar
ofertémonosle V0R01P0 ofertar
ofertémonosles V0R01P0 ofertar
ofertémossenos V0R01P0 ofertar
ofertad V0R02P0 ofertar
ofertadme V0R02P0 ofertar
ofertadse V0R02P0 ofertar
ofertadlo V0R02P0 ofertar
ofertadla V0R02P0 ofertar
ofertadlos V0R02P0 ofertar
ofertadlas V0R02P0 ofertar
ofertadle V0R02P0 ofertar
ofertadles V0R02P0 ofertar
ofertadnos V0R02P0 ofertar
ofertádmelo V0R02P0 ofertar
ofertádmela V0R02P0 ofertar
ofertádmelos V0R02P0 ofertar
ofertádmelas V0R02P0 ofertar
ofertádmele V0R02P0 ofertar
ofertádmeles V0R02P0 ofertar
ofertádselo V0R02P0 ofertar
ofertádsela V0R02P0 ofertar
ofertádselos V0R02P0 ofertar
ofertádselas V0R02P0 ofertar
ofertádsele V0R02P0 ofertar
ofertádseles V0R02P0 ofertar
ofertádnoslo V0R02P0 ofertar
ofertádnosla V0R02P0 ofertar
ofertádnoslos V0R02P0 ofertar
ofertádnoslas V0R02P0 ofertar
ofertádnosle V0R02P0 ofertar
ofertádnosles V0R02P0 ofertar
ofertádsenos V0R02P0 ofertar
oferten V0R03P0 ofertar
ofértenme V0R03P0 ofertar
ofértense V0R03P0 ofertar
ofértenlo V0R03P0 ofertar
ofértenla V0R03P0 ofertar
ofértenlos V0R03P0 ofertar
ofértenlas V0R03P0 ofertar
ofértenle V0R03P0 ofertar
ofértenles V0R03P0 ofertar
ofértennos V0R03P0 ofertar
ofértenmelo V0R03P0 ofertar
ofértenmela V0R03P0 ofertar
ofértenmelos V0R03P0 ofertar
ofértenmelas V0R03P0 ofertar
ofértenmele V0R03P0 ofertar
ofértenmeles V0R03P0 ofertar
ofértenselo V0R03P0 ofertar
ofértensela V0R03P0 ofertar
ofértenselos V0R03P0 ofertar
ofértenselas V0R03P0 ofertar
ofértensele V0R03P0 ofertar
ofértenseles V0R03P0 ofertar
ofértennoslo V0R03P0 ofertar
ofértennosla V0R03P0 ofertar
ofértennoslos V0R03P0 ofertar
ofértennoslas V0R03P0 ofertar
ofértennosle V0R03P0 ofertar
ofértennosles V0R03P0 ofertar
ofértensenos V0R03P0 ofertar
ofertar V0N0000 ofertar
ofertarme V0N0000 ofertar
ofertarte V0N0000 ofertar
ofertarse V0N0000 ofertar
ofertarlo V0N0000 ofertar
ofertarla V0N0000 ofertar
ofertarlos V0N0000 ofertar
ofertarlas V0N0000 ofertar
ofertarle V0N0000 ofertar
ofertarles V0N0000 ofertar
ofertarnos V0N0000 ofertar
ofertármelo V0N0000 ofertar
ofertármela V0N0000 ofertar
ofertármelos V0N0000 ofertar
ofertármelas V0N0000 ofertar
ofertármele V0N0000 ofertar
ofertármeles V0N0000 ofertar
ofertártelo V0N0000 ofertar
ofertártela V0N0000 ofertar
ofertártelos V0N0000 ofertar
ofertártelas V0N0000 ofertar
ofertártele V0N0000 ofertar
ofertárteles V0N0000 ofertar
ofertárselo V0N0000 ofertar
ofertársela V0N0000 ofertar
ofertárselos V0N0000 ofertar
ofertárselas V0N0000 ofertar
ofertársele V0N0000 ofertar
ofertárseles V0N0000 ofertar
ofertárnoslo V0N0000 ofertar
ofertárnosla V0N0000 ofertar
ofertárnoslos V0N0000 ofertar
ofertárnoslas V0N0000 ofertar
ofertárnosle V0N0000 ofertar
ofertárnosles V0N0000 ofertar
ofertársenos V0N0000 ofertar
ofertando V0G0000 ofertar
ofertándome V0G0000 ofertar
ofertándote V0G0000 ofertar
ofertándose V0G0000 ofertar
ofertándolo V0G0000 ofertar
ofertándola V0G0000 ofertar
ofertándolos V0G0000 ofertar
ofertándolas V0G0000 ofertar
ofertándole V0G0000 ofertar
ofertándoles V0G0000 ofertar
ofertándonos V0G0000 ofertar
ofertándomelo V0G0000 ofertar
ofertándomela V0G0000 ofertar
ofertándomelos V0G0000 ofertar
ofertándomelas V0G0000 ofertar
ofertándomele V0G0000 ofertar
ofertándomeles V0G0000 ofertar
ofertándotelo V0G0000 ofertar
ofertándotela V0G0000 ofertar
ofertándotelos V0G0000 ofertar
ofertándotelas V0G0000 ofertar
ofertándotele V0G0000 ofertar
ofertándoteles V0G0000 ofertar
ofertándoselo V0G0000 ofertar
ofertándosela V0G0000 ofertar
ofertándoselos V0G0000 ofertar
ofertándoselas V0G0000 ofertar
ofertándosele V0G0000 ofertar
ofertándoseles V0G0000 ofertar
ofertándonoslo V0G0000 ofertar
ofertándonosla V0G0000 ofertar
ofertándonoslos V0G0000 ofertar
ofertándonoslas V0G0000 ofertar
ofertándonosle V0G0000 ofertar
ofertándonosles V0G0000 ofertar
ofertándosenos V0G0000 ofertar
ofertado V0P00SM ofertar
ofertada V0P00SF ofertar
ofertados V0P00PM ofertar
ofertadas V0P00PF ofertar
oficio V0IP1S0 oficiar
oficias V0IP2S0 oficiar
oficia V0IP3S0 oficiar
oficiamos V0IP1P0 oficiar
oficiáis V0IP2P0 oficiar
ofician V0IP3P0 oficiar
oficiaba V0II1S0 oficiar
oficiabas V0II2S0 oficiar
oficiaba V0II3S0 oficiar
oficiábamos V0II1P0 oficiar
oficiabais V0II2P0 oficiar
oficiaban V0II3P0 oficiar
oficié V0IS1S0 oficiar
oficiaste V0IS2S0 oficiar
ofició V0IS3S0 oficiar
oficiamos V0IS1P0 oficiar
oficiasteis V0IS2P0 oficiar
oficiaron V0IS3P0 oficiar
oficiaré V0IF1S0 oficiar
oficiarás V0IF2S0 oficiar
oficiará V0IF3S0 oficiar
oficiaremos V0IF1P0 oficiar
oficiaréis V0IF2P0 oficiar
oficiarán V0IF3P0 oficiar
oficiaría V0C01S0 oficiar
oficiarías V0C02S0 oficiar
oficiaría V0C03S0 oficiar
oficiaríamos V0C01P0 oficiar
oficiaríais V0C02P0 oficiar
oficiarían V0C03P0 oficiar
oficie V0SP1S0 oficiar
oficies V0SP2S0 oficiar
oficie V0SP3S0 oficiar
oficiemos V0SP1P0 oficiar
oficiéis V0SP2P0 oficiar
oficien V0SP3P0 oficiar
oficiara V0SI1S0 oficiar
oficiase V0SI1S0 oficiar
oficiaras V0SI2S0 oficiar
oficiases V0SI2S0 oficiar
oficiara V0SI3S0 oficiar
oficiase V0SI3S0 oficiar
oficiáramos V0SI1P0 oficiar
oficiásemos V0SI1P0 oficiar
oficiarais V0SI2P0 oficiar
oficiaseis V0SI2P0 oficiar
oficiaran V0SI3P0 oficiar
oficiasen V0SI3P0 oficiar
oficiare V0SF1S0 oficiar
oficiares V0SF2S0 oficiar
oficiare V0SF3S0 oficiar
oficiáremos V0SF1P0 oficiar
oficiareis V0SF2P0 oficiar
oficiaren V0SF3P0 oficiar
oficia V0R02S0 oficiar
oficíame V0R02S0 oficiar
oficíate V0R02S0 oficiar
oficíalo V0R02S0 oficiar
oficíala V0R02S0 oficiar
oficíalos V0R02S0 oficiar
oficíalas V0R02S0 oficiar
oficíale V0R02S0 oficiar
oficíales V0R02S0 oficiar
oficíanos V0R02S0 oficiar
oficíamelo V0R02S0 oficiar
oficíamela V0R02S0 oficiar
oficíamelos V0R02S0 oficiar
oficíamelas V0R02S0 oficiar
oficíamele V0R02S0 oficiar
oficíameles V0R02S0 oficiar
oficíatelo V0R02S0 oficiar
oficíatela V0R02S0 oficiar
oficíatelos V0R02S0 oficiar
oficíatelas V0R02S0 oficiar
oficíatele V0R02S0 oficiar
oficíateles V0R02S0 oficiar
oficíanoslo V0R02S0 oficiar
oficíanosla V0R02S0 oficiar
oficíanoslos V0R02S0 oficiar
oficíanoslas V0R02S0 oficiar
oficíanosle V0R02S0 oficiar
oficíanosles V0R02S0 oficiar
oficie V0R03S0 oficiar
ofícieme V0R03S0 oficiar
ofíciese V0R03S0 oficiar
ofícielo V0R03S0 oficiar
ofíciela V0R03S0 oficiar
ofícielos V0R03S0 oficiar
ofícielas V0R03S0 oficiar
ofíciele V0R03S0 oficiar
ofícieles V0R03S0 oficiar
ofícienos V0R03S0 oficiar
ofíciemelo V0R03S0 oficiar
ofíciemela V0R03S0 oficiar
ofíciemelos V0R03S0 oficiar
ofíciemelas V0R03S0 oficiar
ofíciemele V0R03S0 oficiar
ofíciemeles V0R03S0 oficiar
ofícieselo V0R03S0 oficiar
ofíciesela V0R03S0 oficiar
ofícieselos V0R03S0 oficiar
ofícieselas V0R03S0 oficiar
ofíciesele V0R03S0 oficiar
ofícieseles V0R03S0 oficiar
ofícienoslo V0R03S0 oficiar
ofícienosla V0R03S0 oficiar
ofícienoslos V0R03S0 oficiar
ofícienoslas V0R03S0 oficiar
ofícienosle V0R03S0 oficiar
ofícienosles V0R03S0 oficiar
ofíciesenos V0R03S0 oficiar
oficiemos V0R01P0 oficiar
oficiémoslo V0R01P0 oficiar
oficiémosla V0R01P0 oficiar
oficiémoslos V0R01P0 oficiar
oficiémoslas V0R01P0 oficiar
oficiémosle V0R01P0 oficiar
oficiémosles V0R01P0 oficiar
oficiémonos V0R01P0 oficiar
oficiémosmelo V0R01P0 oficiar
oficiémosmela V0R01P0 oficiar
oficiémosmelos V0R01P0 oficiar
oficiémosmelas V0R01P0 oficiar
oficiémosmele V0R01P0 oficiar
oficiémosmeles V0R01P0 oficiar
oficiémostelo V0R01P0 oficiar
oficiémostela V0R01P0 oficiar
oficiémostelos V0R01P0 oficiar
oficiémostelas V0R01P0 oficiar
oficiémostele V0R01P0 oficiar
oficiémosteles V0R01P0 oficiar
oficiémosselo V0R01P0 oficiar
oficiémossela V0R01P0 oficiar
oficiémosselos V0R01P0 oficiar
oficiémosselas V0R01P0 oficiar
oficiémossele V0R01P0 oficiar
oficiémosseles V0R01P0 oficiar
oficiémonoslo V0R01P0 oficiar
oficiémonosla V0R01P0 oficiar
oficiémonoslos V0R01P0 oficiar
oficiémonoslas V0R01P0 oficiar
oficiémonosle V0R01P0 oficiar
oficiémonosles V0R01P0 oficiar
oficiémossenos V0R01P0 oficiar
oficiad V0R02P0 oficiar
oficiadme V0R02P0 oficiar
oficiadse V0R02P0 oficiar
oficiadlo V0R02P0 oficiar
oficiadla V0R02P0 oficiar
oficiadlos V0R02P0 oficiar
oficiadlas V0R02P0 oficiar
oficiadle V0R02P0 oficiar
oficiadles V0R02P0 oficiar
oficiadnos V0R02P0 oficiar
oficiádmelo V0R02P0 oficiar
oficiádmela V0R02P0 oficiar
oficiádmelos V0R02P0 oficiar
oficiádmelas V0R02P0 oficiar
oficiádmele V0R02P0 oficiar
oficiádmeles V0R02P0 oficiar
oficiádselo V0R02P0 oficiar
oficiádsela V0R02P0 oficiar
oficiádselos V0R02P0 oficiar
oficiádselas V0R02P0 oficiar
oficiádsele V0R02P0 oficiar
oficiádseles V0R02P0 oficiar
oficiádnoslo V0R02P0 oficiar
oficiádnosla V0R02P0 oficiar
oficiádnoslos V0R02P0 oficiar
oficiádnoslas V0R02P0 oficiar
oficiádnosle V0R02P0 oficiar
oficiádnosles V0R02P0 oficiar
oficiádsenos V0R02P0 oficiar
oficien V0R03P0 oficiar
ofícienme V0R03P0 oficiar
ofíciense V0R03P0 oficiar
ofícienlo V0R03P0 oficiar
ofícienla V0R03P0 oficiar
ofícienlos V0R03P0 oficiar
ofícienlas V0R03P0 oficiar
ofícienle V0R03P0 oficiar
ofícienles V0R03P0 oficiar
ofíciennos V0R03P0 oficiar
ofícienmelo V0R03P0 oficiar
ofícienmela V0R03P0 oficiar
ofícienmelos V0R03P0 oficiar
ofícienmelas V0R03P0 oficiar
ofícienmele V0R03P0 oficiar
ofícienmeles V0R03P0 oficiar
ofícienselo V0R03P0 oficiar
ofíciensela V0R03P0 oficiar
ofícienselos V0R03P0 oficiar
ofícienselas V0R03P0 oficiar
ofíciensele V0R03P0 oficiar
ofícienseles V0R03P0 oficiar
ofíciennoslo V0R03P0 oficiar
ofíciennosla V0R03P0 oficiar
ofíciennoslos V0R03P0 oficiar
ofíciennoslas V0R03P0 oficiar
ofíciennosle V0R03P0 oficiar
ofíciennosles V0R03P0 oficiar
ofíciensenos V0R03P0 oficiar
oficiar V0N0000 oficiar
oficiarme V0N0000 oficiar
oficiarte V0N0000 oficiar
oficiarse V0N0000 oficiar
oficiarlo V0N0000 oficiar
oficiarla V0N0000 oficiar
oficiarlos V0N0000 oficiar
oficiarlas V0N0000 oficiar
oficiarle V0N0000 oficiar
oficiarles V0N0000 oficiar
oficiarnos V0N0000 oficiar
oficiármelo V0N0000 oficiar
oficiármela V0N0000 oficiar
oficiármelos V0N0000 oficiar
oficiármelas V0N0000 oficiar
oficiármele V0N0000 oficiar
oficiármeles V0N0000 oficiar
oficiártelo V0N0000 oficiar
oficiártela V0N0000 oficiar
oficiártelos V0N0000 oficiar
oficiártelas V0N0000 oficiar
oficiártele V0N0000 oficiar
oficiárteles V0N0000 oficiar
oficiárselo V0N0000 oficiar
oficiársela V0N0000 oficiar
oficiárselos V0N0000 oficiar
oficiárselas V0N0000 oficiar
oficiársele V0N0000 oficiar
oficiárseles V0N0000 oficiar
oficiárnoslo V0N0000 oficiar
oficiárnosla V0N0000 oficiar
oficiárnoslos V0N0000 oficiar
oficiárnoslas V0N0000 oficiar
oficiárnosle V0N0000 oficiar
oficiárnosles V0N0000 oficiar
oficiársenos V0N0000 oficiar
oficiando V0G0000 oficiar
oficiándome V0G0000 oficiar
oficiándote V0G0000 oficiar
oficiándose V0G0000 oficiar
oficiándolo V0G0000 oficiar
oficiándola V0G0000 oficiar
oficiándolos V0G0000 oficiar
oficiándolas V0G0000 oficiar
oficiándole V0G0000 oficiar
oficiándoles V0G0000 oficiar
oficiándonos V0G0000 oficiar
oficiándomelo V0G0000 oficiar
oficiándomela V0G0000 oficiar
oficiándomelos V0G0000 oficiar
oficiándomelas V0G0000 oficiar
oficiándomele V0G0000 oficiar
oficiándomeles V0G0000 oficiar
oficiándotelo V0G0000 oficiar
oficiándotela V0G0000 oficiar
oficiándotelos V0G0000 oficiar
oficiándotelas V0G0000 oficiar
oficiándotele V0G0000 oficiar
oficiándoteles V0G0000 oficiar
oficiándoselo V0G0000 oficiar
oficiándosela V0G0000 oficiar
oficiándoselos V0G0000 oficiar
oficiándoselas V0G0000 oficiar
oficiándosele V0G0000 oficiar
oficiándoseles V0G0000 oficiar
oficiándonoslo V0G0000 oficiar
oficiándonosla V0G0000 oficiar
oficiándonoslos V0G0000 oficiar
oficiándonoslas V0G0000 oficiar
oficiándonosle V0G0000 oficiar
oficiándonosles V0G0000 oficiar
oficiándosenos V0G0000 oficiar
oficiado V0P00SM oficiar
oficiada V0P00SF oficiar
oficiados V0P00PM oficiar
oficiadas V0P00PF oficiar
oficialicé V0IS1S0 oficializar
oficialice V0SP1S0 oficializar
oficialices V0SP2S0 oficializar
oficialice V0SP3S0 oficializar
oficialicemos V0SP1P0 oficializar
oficialicéis V0SP2P0 oficializar
oficialicen V0SP3P0 oficializar
oficialice V0R03S0 oficializar
oficialíceme V0R03S0 oficializar
oficialícese V0R03S0 oficializar
oficialícelo V0R03S0 oficializar
oficialícela V0R03S0 oficializar
oficialícelos V0R03S0 oficializar
oficialícelas V0R03S0 oficializar
oficialícele V0R03S0 oficializar
oficialíceles V0R03S0 oficializar
oficialícenos V0R03S0 oficializar
oficialícemelo V0R03S0 oficializar
oficialícemela V0R03S0 oficializar
oficialícemelos V0R03S0 oficializar
oficialícemelas V0R03S0 oficializar
oficialícemele V0R03S0 oficializar
oficialícemeles V0R03S0 oficializar
oficialíceselo V0R03S0 oficializar
oficialícesela V0R03S0 oficializar
oficialíceselos V0R03S0 oficializar
oficialíceselas V0R03S0 oficializar
oficialícesele V0R03S0 oficializar
oficialíceseles V0R03S0 oficializar
oficialícenoslo V0R03S0 oficializar
oficialícenosla V0R03S0 oficializar
oficialícenoslos V0R03S0 oficializar
oficialícenoslas V0R03S0 oficializar
oficialícenosle V0R03S0 oficializar
oficialícenosles V0R03S0 oficializar
oficialícesenos V0R03S0 oficializar
oficialicemos V0R01P0 oficializar
oficialicémoslo V0R01P0 oficializar
oficialicémosla V0R01P0 oficializar
oficialicémoslos V0R01P0 oficializar
oficialicémoslas V0R01P0 oficializar
oficialicémosle V0R01P0 oficializar
oficialicémosles V0R01P0 oficializar
oficialicémonos V0R01P0 oficializar
oficialicémosmelo V0R01P0 oficializar
oficialicémosmela V0R01P0 oficializar
oficialicémosmelos V0R01P0 oficializar
oficialicémosmelas V0R01P0 oficializar
oficialicémosmele V0R01P0 oficializar
oficialicémosmeles V0R01P0 oficializar
oficialicémostelo V0R01P0 oficializar
oficialicémostela V0R01P0 oficializar
oficialicémostelos V0R01P0 oficializar
oficialicémostelas V0R01P0 oficializar
oficialicémostele V0R01P0 oficializar
oficialicémosteles V0R01P0 oficializar
oficialicémosselo V0R01P0 oficializar
oficialicémossela V0R01P0 oficializar
oficialicémosselos V0R01P0 oficializar
oficialicémosselas V0R01P0 oficializar
oficialicémossele V0R01P0 oficializar
oficialicémosseles V0R01P0 oficializar
oficialicémonoslo V0R01P0 oficializar
oficialicémonosla V0R01P0 oficializar
oficialicémonoslos V0R01P0 oficializar
oficialicémonoslas V0R01P0 oficializar
oficialicémonosle V0R01P0 oficializar
oficialicémonosles V0R01P0 oficializar
oficialicémossenos V0R01P0 oficializar
oficialicen V0R03P0 oficializar
oficialícenme V0R03P0 oficializar
oficialícense V0R03P0 oficializar
oficialícenlo V0R03P0 oficializar
oficialícenla V0R03P0 oficializar
oficialícenlos V0R03P0 oficializar
oficialícenlas V0R03P0 oficializar
oficialícenle V0R03P0 oficializar
oficialícenles V0R03P0 oficializar
oficialícennos V0R03P0 oficializar
oficialícenmelo V0R03P0 oficializar
oficialícenmela V0R03P0 oficializar
oficialícenmelos V0R03P0 oficializar
oficialícenmelas V0R03P0 oficializar
oficialícenmele V0R03P0 oficializar
oficialícenmeles V0R03P0 oficializar
oficialícenselo V0R03P0 oficializar
oficialícensela V0R03P0 oficializar
oficialícenselos V0R03P0 oficializar
oficialícenselas V0R03P0 oficializar
oficialícensele V0R03P0 oficializar
oficialícenseles V0R03P0 oficializar
oficialícennoslo V0R03P0 oficializar
oficialícennosla V0R03P0 oficializar
oficialícennoslos V0R03P0 oficializar
oficialícennoslas V0R03P0 oficializar
oficialícennosle V0R03P0 oficializar
oficialícennosles V0R03P0 oficializar
oficialícensenos V0R03P0 oficializar
oficializo V0IP1S0 oficializar
oficializas V0IP2S0 oficializar
oficializa V0IP3S0 oficializar
oficializamos V0IP1P0 oficializar
oficializáis V0IP2P0 oficializar
oficializan V0IP3P0 oficializar
oficializaba V0II1S0 oficializar
oficializabas V0II2S0 oficializar
oficializaba V0II3S0 oficializar
oficializábamos V0II1P0 oficializar
oficializabais V0II2P0 oficializar
oficializaban V0II3P0 oficializar
oficializaste V0IS2S0 oficializar
oficializó V0IS3S0 oficializar
oficializamos V0IS1P0 oficializar
oficializasteis V0IS2P0 oficializar
oficializaron V0IS3P0 oficializar
oficializaré V0IF1S0 oficializar
oficializarás V0IF2S0 oficializar
oficializará V0IF3S0 oficializar
oficializaremos V0IF1P0 oficializar
oficializaréis V0IF2P0 oficializar
oficializarán V0IF3P0 oficializar
oficializaría V0C01S0 oficializar
oficializarías V0C02S0 oficializar
oficializaría V0C03S0 oficializar
oficializaríamos V0C01P0 oficializar
oficializaríais V0C02P0 oficializar
oficializarían V0C03P0 oficializar
oficializara V0SI1S0 oficializar
oficializase V0SI1S0 oficializar
oficializaras V0SI2S0 oficializar
oficializases V0SI2S0 oficializar
oficializara V0SI3S0 oficializar
oficializase V0SI3S0 oficializar
oficializáramos V0SI1P0 oficializar
oficializásemos V0SI1P0 oficializar
oficializarais V0SI2P0 oficializar
oficializaseis V0SI2P0 oficializar
oficializaran V0SI3P0 oficializar
oficializasen V0SI3P0 oficializar
oficializare V0SF1S0 oficializar
oficializares V0SF2S0 oficializar
oficializare V0SF3S0 oficializar
oficializáremos V0SF1P0 oficializar
oficializareis V0SF2P0 oficializar
oficializaren V0SF3P0 oficializar
oficializa V0R02S0 oficializar
oficialízame V0R02S0 oficializar
oficialízate V0R02S0 oficializar
oficialízalo V0R02S0 oficializar
oficialízala V0R02S0 oficializar
oficialízalos V0R02S0 oficializar
oficialízalas V0R02S0 oficializar
oficialízale V0R02S0 oficializar
oficialízales V0R02S0 oficializar
oficialízanos V0R02S0 oficializar
oficialízamelo V0R02S0 oficializar
oficialízamela V0R02S0 oficializar
oficialízamelos V0R02S0 oficializar
oficialízamelas V0R02S0 oficializar
oficialízamele V0R02S0 oficializar
oficialízameles V0R02S0 oficializar
oficialízatelo V0R02S0 oficializar
oficialízatela V0R02S0 oficializar
oficialízatelos V0R02S0 oficializar
oficialízatelas V0R02S0 oficializar
oficialízatele V0R02S0 oficializar
oficialízateles V0R02S0 oficializar
oficialízanoslo V0R02S0 oficializar
oficialízanosla V0R02S0 oficializar
oficialízanoslos V0R02S0 oficializar
oficialízanoslas V0R02S0 oficializar
oficialízanosle V0R02S0 oficializar
oficialízanosles V0R02S0 oficializar
oficializad V0R02P0 oficializar
oficializadme V0R02P0 oficializar
oficializadse V0R02P0 oficializar
oficializadlo V0R02P0 oficializar
oficializadla V0R02P0 oficializar
oficializadlos V0R02P0 oficializar
oficializadlas V0R02P0 oficializar
oficializadle V0R02P0 oficializar
oficializadles V0R02P0 oficializar
oficializadnos V0R02P0 oficializar
oficializádmelo V0R02P0 oficializar
oficializádmela V0R02P0 oficializar
oficializádmelos V0R02P0 oficializar
oficializádmelas V0R02P0 oficializar
oficializádmele V0R02P0 oficializar
oficializádmeles V0R02P0 oficializar
oficializádselo V0R02P0 oficializar
oficializádsela V0R02P0 oficializar
oficializádselos V0R02P0 oficializar
oficializádselas V0R02P0 oficializar
oficializádsele V0R02P0 oficializar
oficializádseles V0R02P0 oficializar
oficializádnoslo V0R02P0 oficializar
oficializádnosla V0R02P0 oficializar
oficializádnoslos V0R02P0 oficializar
oficializádnoslas V0R02P0 oficializar
oficializádnosle V0R02P0 oficializar
oficializádnosles V0R02P0 oficializar
oficializádsenos V0R02P0 oficializar
oficializar V0N0000 oficializar
oficializarme V0N0000 oficializar
oficializarte V0N0000 oficializar
oficializarse V0N0000 oficializar
oficializarlo V0N0000 oficializar
oficializarla V0N0000 oficializar
oficializarlos V0N0000 oficializar
oficializarlas V0N0000 oficializar
oficializarle V0N0000 oficializar
oficializarles V0N0000 oficializar
oficializarnos V0N0000 oficializar
oficializármelo V0N0000 oficializar
oficializármela V0N0000 oficializar
oficializármelos V0N0000 oficializar
oficializármelas V0N0000 oficializar
oficializármele V0N0000 oficializar
oficializármeles V0N0000 oficializar
oficializártelo V0N0000 oficializar
oficializártela V0N0000 oficializar
oficializártelos V0N0000 oficializar
oficializártelas V0N0000 oficializar
oficializártele V0N0000 oficializar
oficializárteles V0N0000 oficializar
oficializárselo V0N0000 oficializar
oficializársela V0N0000 oficializar
oficializárselos V0N0000 oficializar
oficializárselas V0N0000 oficializar
oficializársele V0N0000 oficializar
oficializárseles V0N0000 oficializar
oficializárnoslo V0N0000 oficializar
oficializárnosla V0N0000 oficializar
oficializárnoslos V0N0000 oficializar
oficializárnoslas V0N0000 oficializar
oficializárnosle V0N0000 oficializar
oficializárnosles V0N0000 oficializar
oficializársenos V0N0000 oficializar
oficializando V0G0000 oficializar
oficializándome V0G0000 oficializar
oficializándote V0G0000 oficializar
oficializándose V0G0000 oficializar
oficializándolo V0G0000 oficializar
oficializándola V0G0000 oficializar
oficializándolos V0G0000 oficializar
oficializándolas V0G0000 oficializar
oficializándole V0G0000 oficializar
oficializándoles V0G0000 oficializar
oficializándonos V0G0000 oficializar
oficializándomelo V0G0000 oficializar
oficializándomela V0G0000 oficializar
oficializándomelos V0G0000 oficializar
oficializándomelas V0G0000 oficializar
oficializándomele V0G0000 oficializar
oficializándomeles V0G0000 oficializar
oficializándotelo V0G0000 oficializar
oficializándotela V0G0000 oficializar
oficializándotelos V0G0000 oficializar
oficializándotelas V0G0000 oficializar
oficializándotele V0G0000 oficializar
oficializándoteles V0G0000 oficializar
oficializándoselo V0G0000 oficializar
oficializándosela V0G0000 oficializar
oficializándoselos V0G0000 oficializar
oficializándoselas V0G0000 oficializar
oficializándosele V0G0000 oficializar
oficializándoseles V0G0000 oficializar
oficializándonoslo V0G0000 oficializar
oficializándonosla V0G0000 oficializar
oficializándonoslos V0G0000 oficializar
oficializándonoslas V0G0000 oficializar
oficializándonosle V0G0000 oficializar
oficializándonosles V0G0000 oficializar
oficializándosenos V0G0000 oficializar
oficializado V0P00SM oficializar
oficializada V0P00SF oficializar
oficializados V0P00PM oficializar
oficializadas V0P00PF oficializar
ofreces V0IP2S0 ofrecer
ofrece V0IP3S0 ofrecer
ofrecemos V0IP1P0 ofrecer
ofrecéis V0IP2P0 ofrecer
ofrecen V0IP3P0 ofrecer
ofrecía V0II1S0 ofrecer
ofrecías V0II2S0 ofrecer
ofrecía V0II3S0 ofrecer
ofrecíamos V0II1P0 ofrecer
ofrecíais V0II2P0 ofrecer
ofrecían V0II3P0 ofrecer
ofrecí V0IS1S0 ofrecer
ofreciste V0IS2S0 ofrecer
ofreció V0IS3S0 ofrecer
ofrecimos V0IS1P0 ofrecer
ofrecisteis V0IS2P0 ofrecer
ofrecieron V0IS3P0 ofrecer
ofreceré V0IF1S0 ofrecer
ofrecerás V0IF2S0 ofrecer
ofrecerá V0IF3S0 ofrecer
ofreceremos V0IF1P0 ofrecer
ofreceréis V0IF2P0 ofrecer
ofrecerán V0IF3P0 ofrecer
ofrecería V0C01S0 ofrecer
ofrecerías V0C02S0 ofrecer
ofrecería V0C03S0 ofrecer
ofreceríamos V0C01P0 ofrecer
ofreceríais V0C02P0 ofrecer
ofrecerían V0C03P0 ofrecer
ofreciera V0SI1S0 ofrecer
ofreciese V0SI1S0 ofrecer
ofrecieras V0SI2S0 ofrecer
ofrecieses V0SI2S0 ofrecer
ofreciera V0SI3S0 ofrecer
ofreciese V0SI3S0 ofrecer
ofreciéramos V0SI1P0 ofrecer
ofreciésemos V0SI1P0 ofrecer
ofrecierais V0SI2P0 ofrecer
ofrecieseis V0SI2P0 ofrecer
ofrecieran V0SI3P0 ofrecer
ofreciesen V0SI3P0 ofrecer
ofreciere V0SF1S0 ofrecer
ofrecieres V0SF2S0 ofrecer
ofreciere V0SF3S0 ofrecer
ofreciéremos V0SF1P0 ofrecer
ofreciereis V0SF2P0 ofrecer
ofrecieren V0SF3P0 ofrecer
ofrece V0R02S0 ofrecer
ofréceme V0R02S0 ofrecer
ofrécete V0R02S0 ofrecer
ofrécelo V0R02S0 ofrecer
ofrécela V0R02S0 ofrecer
ofrécelos V0R02S0 ofrecer
ofrécelas V0R02S0 ofrecer
ofrécele V0R02S0 ofrecer
ofréceles V0R02S0 ofrecer
ofrécenos V0R02S0 ofrecer
ofrécemelo V0R02S0 ofrecer
ofrécemela V0R02S0 ofrecer
ofrécemelos V0R02S0 ofrecer
ofrécemelas V0R02S0 ofrecer
ofrécemele V0R02S0 ofrecer
ofrécemeles V0R02S0 ofrecer
ofrécetelo V0R02S0 ofrecer
ofrécetela V0R02S0 ofrecer
ofrécetelos V0R02S0 ofrecer
ofrécetelas V0R02S0 ofrecer
ofrécetele V0R02S0 ofrecer
ofréceteles V0R02S0 ofrecer
ofrécenoslo V0R02S0 ofrecer
ofrécenosla V0R02S0 ofrecer
ofrécenoslos V0R02S0 ofrecer
ofrécenoslas V0R02S0 ofrecer
ofrécenosle V0R02S0 ofrecer
ofrécenosles V0R02S0 ofrecer
ofreced V0R02P0 ofrecer
ofrecedme V0R02P0 ofrecer
ofrecedse V0R02P0 ofrecer
ofrecedlo V0R02P0 ofrecer
ofrecedla V0R02P0 ofrecer
ofrecedlos V0R02P0 ofrecer
ofrecedlas V0R02P0 ofrecer
ofrecedle V0R02P0 ofrecer
ofrecedles V0R02P0 ofrecer
ofrecednos V0R02P0 ofrecer
ofrecédmelo V0R02P0 ofrecer
ofrecédmela V0R02P0 ofrecer
ofrecédmelos V0R02P0 ofrecer
ofrecédmelas V0R02P0 ofrecer
ofrecédmele V0R02P0 ofrecer
ofrecédmeles V0R02P0 ofrecer
ofrecédselo V0R02P0 ofrecer
ofrecédsela V0R02P0 ofrecer
ofrecédselos V0R02P0 ofrecer
ofrecédselas V0R02P0 ofrecer
ofrecédsele V0R02P0 ofrecer
ofrecédseles V0R02P0 ofrecer
ofrecédnoslo V0R02P0 ofrecer
ofrecédnosla V0R02P0 ofrecer
ofrecédnoslos V0R02P0 ofrecer
ofrecédnoslas V0R02P0 ofrecer
ofrecédnosle V0R02P0 ofrecer
ofrecédnosles V0R02P0 ofrecer
ofrecédsenos V0R02P0 ofrecer
ofrecer V0N0000 ofrecer
ofrecerme V0N0000 ofrecer
ofrecerte V0N0000 ofrecer
ofrecerse V0N0000 ofrecer
ofrecerlo V0N0000 ofrecer
ofrecerla V0N0000 ofrecer
ofrecerlos V0N0000 ofrecer
ofrecerlas V0N0000 ofrecer
ofrecerle V0N0000 ofrecer
ofrecerles V0N0000 ofrecer
ofrecernos V0N0000 ofrecer
ofrecérmelo V0N0000 ofrecer
ofrecérmela V0N0000 ofrecer
ofrecérmelos V0N0000 ofrecer
ofrecérmelas V0N0000 ofrecer
ofrecérmele V0N0000 ofrecer
ofrecérmeles V0N0000 ofrecer
ofrecértelo V0N0000 ofrecer
ofrecértela V0N0000 ofrecer
ofrecértelos V0N0000 ofrecer
ofrecértelas V0N0000 ofrecer
ofrecértele V0N0000 ofrecer
ofrecérteles V0N0000 ofrecer
ofrecérselo V0N0000 ofrecer
ofrecérsela V0N0000 ofrecer
ofrecérselos V0N0000 ofrecer
ofrecérselas V0N0000 ofrecer
ofrecérsele V0N0000 ofrecer
ofrecérseles V0N0000 ofrecer
ofrecérnoslo V0N0000 ofrecer
ofrecérnosla V0N0000 ofrecer
ofrecérnoslos V0N0000 ofrecer
ofrecérnoslas V0N0000 ofrecer
ofrecérnosle V0N0000 ofrecer
ofrecérnosles V0N0000 ofrecer
ofrecérsenos V0N0000 ofrecer
ofreciendo V0G0000 ofrecer
ofreciéndome V0G0000 ofrecer
ofreciéndote V0G0000 ofrecer
ofreciéndose V0G0000 ofrecer
ofreciéndolo V0G0000 ofrecer
ofreciéndola V0G0000 ofrecer
ofreciéndolos V0G0000 ofrecer
ofreciéndolas V0G0000 ofrecer
ofreciéndole V0G0000 ofrecer
ofreciéndoles V0G0000 ofrecer
ofreciéndonos V0G0000 ofrecer
ofreciéndomelo V0G0000 ofrecer
ofreciéndomela V0G0000 ofrecer
ofreciéndomelos V0G0000 ofrecer
ofreciéndomelas V0G0000 ofrecer
ofreciéndomele V0G0000 ofrecer
ofreciéndomeles V0G0000 ofrecer
ofreciéndotelo V0G0000 ofrecer
ofreciéndotela V0G0000 ofrecer
ofreciéndotelos V0G0000 ofrecer
ofreciéndotelas V0G0000 ofrecer
ofreciéndotele V0G0000 ofrecer
ofreciéndoteles V0G0000 ofrecer
ofreciéndoselo V0G0000 ofrecer
ofreciéndosela V0G0000 ofrecer
ofreciéndoselos V0G0000 ofrecer
ofreciéndoselas V0G0000 ofrecer
ofreciéndosele V0G0000 ofrecer
ofreciéndoseles V0G0000 ofrecer
ofreciéndonoslo V0G0000 ofrecer
ofreciéndonosla V0G0000 ofrecer
ofreciéndonoslos V0G0000 ofrecer
ofreciéndonoslas V0G0000 ofrecer
ofreciéndonosle V0G0000 ofrecer
ofreciéndonosles V0G0000 ofrecer
ofreciéndosenos V0G0000 ofrecer
ofrecido V0P00SM ofrecer
ofrecida V0P00SF ofrecer
ofrecidos V0P00PM ofrecer
ofrecidas V0P00PF ofrecer
ofrendo V0IP1S0 ofrendar
ofrendas V0IP2S0 ofrendar
ofrenda V0IP3S0 ofrendar
ofrendamos V0IP1P0 ofrendar
ofrendáis V0IP2P0 ofrendar
ofrendan V0IP3P0 ofrendar
ofrendaba V0II1S0 ofrendar
ofrendabas V0II2S0 ofrendar
ofrendaba V0II3S0 ofrendar
ofrendábamos V0II1P0 ofrendar
ofrendabais V0II2P0 ofrendar
ofrendaban V0II3P0 ofrendar
ofrendé V0IS1S0 ofrendar
ofrendaste V0IS2S0 ofrendar
ofrendó V0IS3S0 ofrendar
ofrendamos V0IS1P0 ofrendar
ofrendasteis V0IS2P0 ofrendar
ofrendaron V0IS3P0 ofrendar
ofrendaré V0IF1S0 ofrendar
ofrendarás V0IF2S0 ofrendar
ofrendará V0IF3S0 ofrendar
ofrendaremos V0IF1P0 ofrendar
ofrendaréis V0IF2P0 ofrendar
ofrendarán V0IF3P0 ofrendar
ofrendaría V0C01S0 ofrendar
ofrendarías V0C02S0 ofrendar
ofrendaría V0C03S0 ofrendar
ofrendaríamos V0C01P0 ofrendar
ofrendaríais V0C02P0 ofrendar
ofrendarían V0C03P0 ofrendar
ofrende V0SP1S0 ofrendar
ofrendes V0SP2S0 ofrendar
ofrende V0SP3S0 ofrendar
ofrendemos V0SP1P0 ofrendar
ofrendéis V0SP2P0 ofrendar
ofrenden V0SP3P0 ofrendar
ofrendara V0SI1S0 ofrendar
ofrendase V0SI1S0 ofrendar
ofrendaras V0SI2S0 ofrendar
ofrendases V0SI2S0 ofrendar
ofrendara V0SI3S0 ofrendar
ofrendase V0SI3S0 ofrendar
ofrendáramos V0SI1P0 ofrendar
ofrendásemos V0SI1P0 ofrendar
ofrendarais V0SI2P0 ofrendar
ofrendaseis V0SI2P0 ofrendar
ofrendaran V0SI3P0 ofrendar
ofrendasen V0SI3P0 ofrendar
ofrendare V0SF1S0 ofrendar
ofrendares V0SF2S0 ofrendar
ofrendare V0SF3S0 ofrendar
ofrendáremos V0SF1P0 ofrendar
ofrendareis V0SF2P0 ofrendar
ofrendaren V0SF3P0 ofrendar
ofrenda V0R02S0 ofrendar
ofréndame V0R02S0 ofrendar
ofréndate V0R02S0 ofrendar
ofréndalo V0R02S0 ofrendar
ofréndala V0R02S0 ofrendar
ofréndalos V0R02S0 ofrendar
ofréndalas V0R02S0 ofrendar
ofréndale V0R02S0 ofrendar
ofréndales V0R02S0 ofrendar
ofréndanos V0R02S0 ofrendar
ofréndamelo V0R02S0 ofrendar
ofréndamela V0R02S0 ofrendar
ofréndamelos V0R02S0 ofrendar
ofréndamelas V0R02S0 ofrendar
ofréndamele V0R02S0 ofrendar
ofréndameles V0R02S0 ofrendar
ofréndatelo V0R02S0 ofrendar
ofréndatela V0R02S0 ofrendar
ofréndatelos V0R02S0 ofrendar
ofréndatelas V0R02S0 ofrendar
ofréndatele V0R02S0 ofrendar
ofréndateles V0R02S0 ofrendar
ofréndanoslo V0R02S0 ofrendar
ofréndanosla V0R02S0 ofrendar
ofréndanoslos V0R02S0 ofrendar
ofréndanoslas V0R02S0 ofrendar
ofréndanosle V0R02S0 ofrendar
ofréndanosles V0R02S0 ofrendar
ofrende V0R03S0 ofrendar
ofréndeme V0R03S0 ofrendar
ofréndese V0R03S0 ofrendar
ofréndelo V0R03S0 ofrendar
ofréndela V0R03S0 ofrendar
ofréndelos V0R03S0 ofrendar
ofréndelas V0R03S0 ofrendar
ofréndele V0R03S0 ofrendar
ofréndeles V0R03S0 ofrendar
ofréndenos V0R03S0 ofrendar
ofréndemelo V0R03S0 ofrendar
ofréndemela V0R03S0 ofrendar
ofréndemelos V0R03S0 ofrendar
ofréndemelas V0R03S0 ofrendar
ofréndemele V0R03S0 ofrendar
ofréndemeles V0R03S0 ofrendar
ofréndeselo V0R03S0 ofrendar
ofréndesela V0R03S0 ofrendar
ofréndeselos V0R03S0 ofrendar
ofréndeselas V0R03S0 ofrendar
ofréndesele V0R03S0 ofrendar
ofréndeseles V0R03S0 ofrendar
ofréndenoslo V0R03S0 ofrendar
ofréndenosla V0R03S0 ofrendar
ofréndenoslos V0R03S0 ofrendar
ofréndenoslas V0R03S0 ofrendar
ofréndenosle V0R03S0 ofrendar
ofréndenosles V0R03S0 ofrendar
ofréndesenos V0R03S0 ofrendar
ofrendemos V0R01P0 ofrendar
ofrendémoslo V0R01P0 ofrendar
ofrendémosla V0R01P0 ofrendar
ofrendémoslos V0R01P0 ofrendar
ofrendémoslas V0R01P0 ofrendar
ofrendémosle V0R01P0 ofrendar
ofrendémosles V0R01P0 ofrendar
ofrendémonos V0R01P0 ofrendar
ofrendémosmelo V0R01P0 ofrendar
ofrendémosmela V0R01P0 ofrendar
ofrendémosmelos V0R01P0 ofrendar
ofrendémosmelas V0R01P0 ofrendar
ofrendémosmele V0R01P0 ofrendar
ofrendémosmeles V0R01P0 ofrendar
ofrendémostelo V0R01P0 ofrendar
ofrendémostela V0R01P0 ofrendar
ofrendémostelos V0R01P0 ofrendar
ofrendémostelas V0R01P0 ofrendar
ofrendémostele V0R01P0 ofrendar
ofrendémosteles V0R01P0 ofrendar
ofrendémosselo V0R01P0 ofrendar
ofrendémossela V0R01P0 ofrendar
ofrendémosselos V0R01P0 ofrendar
ofrendémosselas V0R01P0 ofrendar
ofrendémossele V0R01P0 ofrendar
ofrendémosseles V0R01P0 ofrendar
ofrendémonoslo V0R01P0 ofrendar
ofrendémonosla V0R01P0 ofrendar
ofrendémonoslos V0R01P0 ofrendar
ofrendémonoslas V0R01P0 ofrendar
ofrendémonosle V0R01P0 ofrendar
ofrendémonosles V0R01P0 ofrendar
ofrendémossenos V0R01P0 ofrendar
ofrendad V0R02P0 ofrendar
ofrendadme V0R02P0 ofrendar
ofrendadse V0R02P0 ofrendar
ofrendadlo V0R02P0 ofrendar
ofrendadla V0R02P0 ofrendar
ofrendadlos V0R02P0 ofrendar
ofrendadlas V0R02P0 ofrendar
ofrendadle V0R02P0 ofrendar
ofrendadles V0R02P0 ofrendar
ofrendadnos V0R02P0 ofrendar
ofrendádmelo V0R02P0 ofrendar
ofrendádmela V0R02P0 ofrendar
ofrendádmelos V0R02P0 ofrendar
ofrendádmelas V0R02P0 ofrendar
ofrendádmele V0R02P0 ofrendar
ofrendádmeles V0R02P0 ofrendar
ofrendádselo V0R02P0 ofrendar
ofrendádsela V0R02P0 ofrendar
ofrendádselos V0R02P0 ofrendar
ofrendádselas V0R02P0 ofrendar
ofrendádsele V0R02P0 ofrendar
ofrendádseles V0R02P0 ofrendar
ofrendádnoslo V0R02P0 ofrendar
ofrendádnosla V0R02P0 ofrendar
ofrendádnoslos V0R02P0 ofrendar
ofrendádnoslas V0R02P0 ofrendar
ofrendádnosle V0R02P0 ofrendar
ofrendádnosles V0R02P0 ofrendar
ofrendádsenos V0R02P0 ofrendar
ofrenden V0R03P0 ofrendar
ofréndenme V0R03P0 ofrendar
ofréndense V0R03P0 ofrendar
ofréndenlo V0R03P0 ofrendar
ofréndenla V0R03P0 ofrendar
ofréndenlos V0R03P0 ofrendar
ofréndenlas V0R03P0 ofrendar
ofréndenle V0R03P0 ofrendar
ofréndenles V0R03P0 ofrendar
ofréndennos V0R03P0 ofrendar
ofréndenmelo V0R03P0 ofrendar
ofréndenmela V0R03P0 ofrendar
ofréndenmelos V0R03P0 ofrendar
ofréndenmelas V0R03P0 ofrendar
ofréndenmele V0R03P0 ofrendar
ofréndenmeles V0R03P0 ofrendar
ofréndenselo V0R03P0 ofrendar
ofréndensela V0R03P0 ofrendar
ofréndenselos V0R03P0 ofrendar
ofréndenselas V0R03P0 ofrendar
ofréndensele V0R03P0 ofrendar
ofréndenseles V0R03P0 ofrendar
ofréndennoslo V0R03P0 ofrendar
ofréndennosla V0R03P0 ofrendar
ofréndennoslos V0R03P0 ofrendar
ofréndennoslas V0R03P0 ofrendar
ofréndennosle V0R03P0 ofrendar
ofréndennosles V0R03P0 ofrendar
ofréndensenos V0R03P0 ofrendar
ofrendar V0N0000 ofrendar
ofrendarme V0N0000 ofrendar
ofrendarte V0N0000 ofrendar
ofrendarse V0N0000 ofrendar
ofrendarlo V0N0000 ofrendar
ofrendarla V0N0000 ofrendar
ofrendarlos V0N0000 ofrendar
ofrendarlas V0N0000 ofrendar
ofrendarle V0N0000 ofrendar
ofrendarles V0N0000 ofrendar
ofrendarnos V0N0000 ofrendar
ofrendármelo V0N0000 ofrendar
ofrendármela V0N0000 ofrendar
ofrendármelos V0N0000 ofrendar
ofrendármelas V0N0000 ofrendar
ofrendármele V0N0000 ofrendar
ofrendármeles V0N0000 ofrendar
ofrendártelo V0N0000 ofrendar
ofrendártela V0N0000 ofrendar
ofrendártelos V0N0000 ofrendar
ofrendártelas V0N0000 ofrendar
ofrendártele V0N0000 ofrendar
ofrendárteles V0N0000 ofrendar
ofrendárselo V0N0000 ofrendar
ofrendársela V0N0000 ofrendar
ofrendárselos V0N0000 ofrendar
ofrendárselas V0N0000 ofrendar
ofrendársele V0N0000 ofrendar
ofrendárseles V0N0000 ofrendar
ofrendárnoslo V0N0000 ofrendar
ofrendárnosla V0N0000 ofrendar
ofrendárnoslos V0N0000 ofrendar
ofrendárnoslas V0N0000 ofrendar
ofrendárnosle V0N0000 ofrendar
ofrendárnosles V0N0000 ofrendar
ofrendársenos V0N0000 ofrendar
ofrendando V0G0000 ofrendar
ofrendándome V0G0000 ofrendar
ofrendándote V0G0000 ofrendar
ofrendándose V0G0000 ofrendar
ofrendándolo V0G0000 ofrendar
ofrendándola V0G0000 ofrendar
ofrendándolos V0G0000 ofrendar
ofrendándolas V0G0000 ofrendar
ofrendándole V0G0000 ofrendar
ofrendándoles V0G0000 ofrendar
ofrendándonos V0G0000 ofrendar
ofrendándomelo V0G0000 ofrendar
ofrendándomela V0G0000 ofrendar
ofrendándomelos V0G0000 ofrendar
ofrendándomelas V0G0000 ofrendar
ofrendándomele V0G0000 ofrendar
ofrendándomeles V0G0000 ofrendar
ofrendándotelo V0G0000 ofrendar
ofrendándotela V0G0000 ofrendar
ofrendándotelos V0G0000 ofrendar
ofrendándotelas V0G0000 ofrendar
ofrendándotele V0G0000 ofrendar
ofrendándoteles V0G0000 ofrendar
ofrendándoselo V0G0000 ofrendar
ofrendándosela V0G0000 ofrendar
ofrendándoselos V0G0000 ofrendar
ofrendándoselas V0G0000 ofrendar
ofrendándosele V0G0000 ofrendar
ofrendándoseles V0G0000 ofrendar
ofrendándonoslo V0G0000 ofrendar
ofrendándonosla V0G0000 ofrendar
ofrendándonoslos V0G0000 ofrendar
ofrendándonoslas V0G0000 ofrendar
ofrendándonosle V0G0000 ofrendar
ofrendándonosles V0G0000 ofrendar
ofrendándosenos V0G0000 ofrendar
ofrendado V0P00SM ofrendar
ofrendada V0P00SF ofrendar
ofrendados V0P00PM ofrendar
ofrendadas V0P00PF ofrendar
ofrezco V0IP1S0 ofrecer
ofrezca V0SP1S0 ofrecer
ofrezcas V0SP2S0 ofrecer
ofrezca V0SP3S0 ofrecer
ofrezcamos V0SP1P0 ofrecer
ofrezcáis V0SP2P0 ofrecer
ofrezcan V0SP3P0 ofrecer
ofrezca V0R03S0 ofrecer
ofrézcame V0R03S0 ofrecer
ofrézcase V0R03S0 ofrecer
ofrézcalo V0R03S0 ofrecer
ofrézcala V0R03S0 ofrecer
ofrézcalos V0R03S0 ofrecer
ofrézcalas V0R03S0 ofrecer
ofrézcale V0R03S0 ofrecer
ofrézcales V0R03S0 ofrecer
ofrézcanos V0R03S0 ofrecer
ofrézcamelo V0R03S0 ofrecer
ofrézcamela V0R03S0 ofrecer
ofrézcamelos V0R03S0 ofrecer
ofrézcamelas V0R03S0 ofrecer
ofrézcamele V0R03S0 ofrecer
ofrézcameles V0R03S0 ofrecer
ofrézcaselo V0R03S0 ofrecer
ofrézcasela V0R03S0 ofrecer
ofrézcaselos V0R03S0 ofrecer
ofrézcaselas V0R03S0 ofrecer
ofrézcasele V0R03S0 ofrecer
ofrézcaseles V0R03S0 ofrecer
ofrézcanoslo V0R03S0 ofrecer
ofrézcanosla V0R03S0 ofrecer
ofrézcanoslos V0R03S0 ofrecer
ofrézcanoslas V0R03S0 ofrecer
ofrézcanosle V0R03S0 ofrecer
ofrézcanosles V0R03S0 ofrecer
ofrézcasenos V0R03S0 ofrecer
ofrezcamos V0R01P0 ofrecer
ofrezcámoslo V0R01P0 ofrecer
ofrezcámosla V0R01P0 ofrecer
ofrezcámoslos V0R01P0 ofrecer
ofrezcámoslas V0R01P0 ofrecer
ofrezcámosle V0R01P0 ofrecer
ofrezcámosles V0R01P0 ofrecer
ofrezcámonos V0R01P0 ofrecer
ofrezcámosmelo V0R01P0 ofrecer
ofrezcámosmela V0R01P0 ofrecer
ofrezcámosmelos V0R01P0 ofrecer
ofrezcámosmelas V0R01P0 ofrecer
ofrezcámosmele V0R01P0 ofrecer
ofrezcámosmeles V0R01P0 ofrecer
ofrezcámostelo V0R01P0 ofrecer
ofrezcámostela V0R01P0 ofrecer
ofrezcámostelos V0R01P0 ofrecer
ofrezcámostelas V0R01P0 ofrecer
ofrezcámostele V0R01P0 ofrecer
ofrezcámosteles V0R01P0 ofrecer
ofrezcámosselo V0R01P0 ofrecer
ofrezcámossela V0R01P0 ofrecer
ofrezcámosselos V0R01P0 ofrecer
ofrezcámosselas V0R01P0 ofrecer
ofrezcámossele V0R01P0 ofrecer
ofrezcámosseles V0R01P0 ofrecer
ofrezcámonoslo V0R01P0 ofrecer
ofrezcámonosla V0R01P0 ofrecer
ofrezcámonoslos V0R01P0 ofrecer
ofrezcámonoslas V0R01P0 ofrecer
ofrezcámonosle V0R01P0 ofrecer
ofrezcámonosles V0R01P0 ofrecer
ofrezcámossenos V0R01P0 ofrecer
ofrezcan V0R03P0 ofrecer
ofrézcanme V0R03P0 ofrecer
ofrézcanse V0R03P0 ofrecer
ofrézcanlo V0R03P0 ofrecer
ofrézcanla V0R03P0 ofrecer
ofrézcanlos V0R03P0 ofrecer
ofrézcanlas V0R03P0 ofrecer
ofrézcanle V0R03P0 ofrecer
ofrézcanles V0R03P0 ofrecer
ofrézcannos V0R03P0 ofrecer
ofrézcanmelo V0R03P0 ofrecer
ofrézcanmela V0R03P0 ofrecer
ofrézcanmelos V0R03P0 ofrecer
ofrézcanmelas V0R03P0 ofrecer
ofrézcanmele V0R03P0 ofrecer
ofrézcanmeles V0R03P0 ofrecer
ofrézcanselo V0R03P0 ofrecer
ofrézcansela V0R03P0 ofrecer
ofrézcanselos V0R03P0 ofrecer
ofrézcanselas V0R03P0 ofrecer
ofrézcansele V0R03P0 ofrecer
ofrézcanseles V0R03P0 ofrecer
ofrézcannoslo V0R03P0 ofrecer
ofrézcannosla V0R03P0 ofrecer
ofrézcannoslos V0R03P0 ofrecer
ofrézcannoslas V0R03P0 ofrecer
ofrézcannosle V0R03P0 ofrecer
ofrézcannosles V0R03P0 ofrecer
ofrézcansenos V0R03P0 ofrecer
ofusco V0IP1S0 ofuscar
ofuscas V0IP2S0 ofuscar
ofusca V0IP3S0 ofuscar
ofuscamos V0IP1P0 ofuscar
ofuscáis V0IP2P0 ofuscar
ofuscan V0IP3P0 ofuscar
ofuscaba V0II1S0 ofuscar
ofuscabas V0II2S0 ofuscar
ofuscaba V0II3S0 ofuscar
ofuscábamos V0II1P0 ofuscar
ofuscabais V0II2P0 ofuscar
ofuscaban V0II3P0 ofuscar
ofuscaste V0IS2S0 ofuscar
ofuscó V0IS3S0 ofuscar
ofuscamos V0IS1P0 ofuscar
ofuscasteis V0IS2P0 ofuscar
ofuscaron V0IS3P0 ofuscar
ofuscaré V0IF1S0 ofuscar
ofuscarás V0IF2S0 ofuscar
ofuscará V0IF3S0 ofuscar
ofuscaremos V0IF1P0 ofuscar
ofuscaréis V0IF2P0 ofuscar
ofuscarán V0IF3P0 ofuscar
ofuscaría V0C01S0 ofuscar
ofuscarías V0C02S0 ofuscar
ofuscaría V0C03S0 ofuscar
ofuscaríamos V0C01P0 ofuscar
ofuscaríais V0C02P0 ofuscar
ofuscarían V0C03P0 ofuscar
ofuscara V0SI1S0 ofuscar
ofuscase V0SI1S0 ofuscar
ofuscaras V0SI2S0 ofuscar
ofuscases V0SI2S0 ofuscar
ofuscara V0SI3S0 ofuscar
ofuscase V0SI3S0 ofuscar
ofuscáramos V0SI1P0 ofuscar
ofuscásemos V0SI1P0 ofuscar
ofuscarais V0SI2P0 ofuscar
ofuscaseis V0SI2P0 ofuscar
ofuscaran V0SI3P0 ofuscar
ofuscasen V0SI3P0 ofuscar
ofuscare V0SF1S0 ofuscar
ofuscares V0SF2S0 ofuscar
ofuscare V0SF3S0 ofuscar
ofuscáremos V0SF1P0 ofuscar
ofuscareis V0SF2P0 ofuscar
ofuscaren V0SF3P0 ofuscar
ofusca V0R02S0 ofuscar
ofúscame V0R02S0 ofuscar
ofúscate V0R02S0 ofuscar
ofúscalo V0R02S0 ofuscar
ofúscala V0R02S0 ofuscar
ofúscalos V0R02S0 ofuscar
ofúscalas V0R02S0 ofuscar
ofúscale V0R02S0 ofuscar
ofúscales V0R02S0 ofuscar
ofúscanos V0R02S0 ofuscar
ofúscamelo V0R02S0 ofuscar
ofúscamela V0R02S0 ofuscar
ofúscamelos V0R02S0 ofuscar
ofúscamelas V0R02S0 ofuscar
ofúscamele V0R02S0 ofuscar
ofúscameles V0R02S0 ofuscar
ofúscatelo V0R02S0 ofuscar
ofúscatela V0R02S0 ofuscar
ofúscatelos V0R02S0 ofuscar
ofúscatelas V0R02S0 ofuscar
ofúscatele V0R02S0 ofuscar
ofúscateles V0R02S0 ofuscar
ofúscanoslo V0R02S0 ofuscar
ofúscanosla V0R02S0 ofuscar
ofúscanoslos V0R02S0 ofuscar
ofúscanoslas V0R02S0 ofuscar
ofúscanosle V0R02S0 ofuscar
ofúscanosles V0R02S0 ofuscar
ofuscad V0R02P0 ofuscar
ofuscadme V0R02P0 ofuscar
ofuscadse V0R02P0 ofuscar
ofuscadlo V0R02P0 ofuscar
ofuscadla V0R02P0 ofuscar
ofuscadlos V0R02P0 ofuscar
ofuscadlas V0R02P0 ofuscar
ofuscadle V0R02P0 ofuscar
ofuscadles V0R02P0 ofuscar
ofuscadnos V0R02P0 ofuscar
ofuscádmelo V0R02P0 ofuscar
ofuscádmela V0R02P0 ofuscar
ofuscádmelos V0R02P0 ofuscar
ofuscádmelas V0R02P0 ofuscar
ofuscádmele V0R02P0 ofuscar
ofuscádmeles V0R02P0 ofuscar
ofuscádselo V0R02P0 ofuscar
ofuscádsela V0R02P0 ofuscar
ofuscádselos V0R02P0 ofuscar
ofuscádselas V0R02P0 ofuscar
ofuscádsele V0R02P0 ofuscar
ofuscádseles V0R02P0 ofuscar
ofuscádnoslo V0R02P0 ofuscar
ofuscádnosla V0R02P0 ofuscar
ofuscádnoslos V0R02P0 ofuscar
ofuscádnoslas V0R02P0 ofuscar
ofuscádnosle V0R02P0 ofuscar
ofuscádnosles V0R02P0 ofuscar
ofuscádsenos V0R02P0 ofuscar
ofuscar V0N0000 ofuscar
ofuscarme V0N0000 ofuscar
ofuscarte V0N0000 ofuscar
ofuscarse V0N0000 ofuscar
ofuscarlo V0N0000 ofuscar
ofuscarla V0N0000 ofuscar
ofuscarlos V0N0000 ofuscar
ofuscarlas V0N0000 ofuscar
ofuscarle V0N0000 ofuscar
ofuscarles V0N0000 ofuscar
ofuscarnos V0N0000 ofuscar
ofuscármelo V0N0000 ofuscar
ofuscármela V0N0000 ofuscar
ofuscármelos V0N0000 ofuscar
ofuscármelas V0N0000 ofuscar
ofuscármele V0N0000 ofuscar
ofuscármeles V0N0000 ofuscar
ofuscártelo V0N0000 ofuscar
ofuscártela V0N0000 ofuscar
ofuscártelos V0N0000 ofuscar
ofuscártelas V0N0000 ofuscar
ofuscártele V0N0000 ofuscar
ofuscárteles V0N0000 ofuscar
ofuscárselo V0N0000 ofuscar
ofuscársela V0N0000 ofuscar
ofuscárselos V0N0000 ofuscar
ofuscárselas V0N0000 ofuscar
ofuscársele V0N0000 ofuscar
ofuscárseles V0N0000 ofuscar
ofuscárnoslo V0N0000 ofuscar
ofuscárnosla V0N0000 ofuscar
ofuscárnoslos V0N0000 ofuscar
ofuscárnoslas V0N0000 ofuscar
ofuscárnosle V0N0000 ofuscar
ofuscárnosles V0N0000 ofuscar
ofuscársenos V0N0000 ofuscar
ofuscando V0G0000 ofuscar
ofuscándome V0G0000 ofuscar
ofuscándote V0G0000 ofuscar
ofuscándose V0G0000 ofuscar
ofuscándolo V0G0000 ofuscar
ofuscándola V0G0000 ofuscar
ofuscándolos V0G0000 ofuscar
ofuscándolas V0G0000 ofuscar
ofuscándole V0G0000 ofuscar
ofuscándoles V0G0000 ofuscar
ofuscándonos V0G0000 ofuscar
ofuscándomelo V0G0000 ofuscar
ofuscándomela V0G0000 ofuscar
ofuscándomelos V0G0000 ofuscar
ofuscándomelas V0G0000 ofuscar
ofuscándomele V0G0000 ofuscar
ofuscándomeles V0G0000 ofuscar
ofuscándotelo V0G0000 ofuscar
ofuscándotela V0G0000 ofuscar
ofuscándotelos V0G0000 ofuscar
ofuscándotelas V0G0000 ofuscar
ofuscándotele V0G0000 ofuscar
ofuscándoteles V0G0000 ofuscar
ofuscándoselo V0G0000 ofuscar
ofuscándosela V0G0000 ofuscar
ofuscándoselos V0G0000 ofuscar
ofuscándoselas V0G0000 ofuscar
ofuscándosele V0G0000 ofuscar
ofuscándoseles V0G0000 ofuscar
ofuscándonoslo V0G0000 ofuscar
ofuscándonosla V0G0000 ofuscar
ofuscándonoslos V0G0000 ofuscar
ofuscándonoslas V0G0000 ofuscar
ofuscándonosle V0G0000 ofuscar
ofuscándonosles V0G0000 ofuscar
ofuscándosenos V0G0000 ofuscar
ofuscado V0P00SM ofuscar
ofuscada V0P00SF ofuscar
ofuscados V0P00PM ofuscar
ofuscadas V0P00PF ofuscar
ofusqué V0IS1S0 ofuscar
ofusque V0SP1S0 ofuscar
ofusques V0SP2S0 ofuscar
ofusque V0SP3S0 ofuscar
ofusquemos V0SP1P0 ofuscar
ofusquéis V0SP2P0 ofuscar
ofusquen V0SP3P0 ofuscar
ofusque V0R03S0 ofuscar
ofúsqueme V0R03S0 ofuscar
ofúsquese V0R03S0 ofuscar
ofúsquelo V0R03S0 ofuscar
ofúsquela V0R03S0 ofuscar
ofúsquelos V0R03S0 ofuscar
ofúsquelas V0R03S0 ofuscar
ofúsquele V0R03S0 ofuscar
ofúsqueles V0R03S0 ofuscar
ofúsquenos V0R03S0 ofuscar
ofúsquemelo V0R03S0 ofuscar
ofúsquemela V0R03S0 ofuscar
ofúsquemelos V0R03S0 ofuscar
ofúsquemelas V0R03S0 ofuscar
ofúsquemele V0R03S0 ofuscar
ofúsquemeles V0R03S0 ofuscar
ofúsqueselo V0R03S0 ofuscar
ofúsquesela V0R03S0 ofuscar
ofúsqueselos V0R03S0 ofuscar
ofúsqueselas V0R03S0 ofuscar
ofúsquesele V0R03S0 ofuscar
ofúsqueseles V0R03S0 ofuscar
ofúsquenoslo V0R03S0 ofuscar
ofúsquenosla V0R03S0 ofuscar
ofúsquenoslos V0R03S0 ofuscar
ofúsquenoslas V0R03S0 ofuscar
ofúsquenosle V0R03S0 ofuscar
ofúsquenosles V0R03S0 ofuscar
ofúsquesenos V0R03S0 ofuscar
ofusquemos V0R01P0 ofuscar
ofusquémoslo V0R01P0 ofuscar
ofusquémosla V0R01P0 ofuscar
ofusquémoslos V0R01P0 ofuscar
ofusquémoslas V0R01P0 ofuscar
ofusquémosle V0R01P0 ofuscar
ofusquémosles V0R01P0 ofuscar
ofusquémonos V0R01P0 ofuscar
ofusquémosmelo V0R01P0 ofuscar
ofusquémosmela V0R01P0 ofuscar
ofusquémosmelos V0R01P0 ofuscar
ofusquémosmelas V0R01P0 ofuscar
ofusquémosmele V0R01P0 ofuscar
ofusquémosmeles V0R01P0 ofuscar
ofusquémostelo V0R01P0 ofuscar
ofusquémostela V0R01P0 ofuscar
ofusquémostelos V0R01P0 ofuscar
ofusquémostelas V0R01P0 ofuscar
ofusquémostele V0R01P0 ofuscar
ofusquémosteles V0R01P0 ofuscar
ofusquémosselo V0R01P0 ofuscar
ofusquémossela V0R01P0 ofuscar
ofusquémosselos V0R01P0 ofuscar
ofusquémosselas V0R01P0 ofuscar
ofusquémossele V0R01P0 ofuscar
ofusquémosseles V0R01P0 ofuscar
ofusquémonoslo V0R01P0 ofuscar
ofusquémonosla V0R01P0 ofuscar
ofusquémonoslos V0R01P0 ofuscar
ofusquémonoslas V0R01P0 ofuscar
ofusquémonosle V0R01P0 ofuscar
ofusquémonosles V0R01P0 ofuscar
ofusquémossenos V0R01P0 ofuscar
ofusquen V0R03P0 ofuscar
ofúsquenme V0R03P0 ofuscar
ofúsquense V0R03P0 ofuscar
ofúsquenlo V0R03P0 ofuscar
ofúsquenla V0R03P0 ofuscar
ofúsquenlos V0R03P0 ofuscar
ofúsquenlas V0R03P0 ofuscar
ofúsquenle V0R03P0 ofuscar
ofúsquenles V0R03P0 ofuscar
ofúsquennos V0R03P0 ofuscar
ofúsquenmelo V0R03P0 ofuscar
ofúsquenmela V0R03P0 ofuscar
ofúsquenmelos V0R03P0 ofuscar
ofúsquenmelas V0R03P0 ofuscar
ofúsquenmele V0R03P0 ofuscar
ofúsquenmeles V0R03P0 ofuscar
ofúsquenselo V0R03P0 ofuscar
ofúsquensela V0R03P0 ofuscar
ofúsquenselos V0R03P0 ofuscar
ofúsquenselas V0R03P0 ofuscar
ofúsquensele V0R03P0 ofuscar
ofúsquenseles V0R03P0 ofuscar
ofúsquennoslo V0R03P0 ofuscar
ofúsquennosla V0R03P0 ofuscar
ofúsquennoslos V0R03P0 ofuscar
ofúsquennoslas V0R03P0 ofuscar
ofúsquennosle V0R03P0 ofuscar
ofúsquennosles V0R03P0 ofuscar
ofúsquensenos V0R03P0 ofuscar
