oiga VIR03S0 oír
oiga VISP1S0 oír
oiga VISP3S0 oír
oigáis VISP2P0 oír
oigamos VIR01P0 oír
oigámoslo VIR01P0 oír
oigámosla VIR01P0 oír
oigámoslos VIR01P0 oír
oigámoslas VIR01P0 oír
oigámosle VIR01P0 oír
oigámosles VIR01P0 oír
oigámonos VIR01P0 oír
oigámosmelo VIR01P0 oír
oigámosmela VIR01P0 oír
oigámosmelos VIR01P0 oír
oigámosmelas VIR01P0 oír
oigámosmele VIR01P0 oír
oigámosmeles VIR01P0 oír
oigámostelo VIR01P0 oír
oigámostela VIR01P0 oír
oigámostelos VIR01P0 oír
oigámostelas VIR01P0 oír
oigámostele VIR01P0 oír
oigámosteles VIR01P0 oír
oigámosselo VIR01P0 oír
oigámossela VIR01P0 oír
oigámosselos VIR01P0 oír
oigámosselas VIR01P0 oír
oigámossele VIR01P0 oír
oigámosseles VIR01P0 oír
oigámonoslo VIR01P0 oír
oigámonosla VIR01P0 oír
oigámonoslos VIR01P0 oír
oigámonoslas VIR01P0 oír
oigámonosle VIR01P0 oír
oigámonosles VIR01P0 oír
oigámossenos VIR01P0 oír
oigamos VISP1P0 oír
oigan VIR03P0 oír
oigan VISP3P0 oír
oigas VISP2S0 oír
oigo VIIP1S0 oír
oirá VIIF3S0 oír
oirán VIIF3P0 oír
oirás VIIF2S0 oír
oiré VIIF1S0 oír
oiréis VIIF2P0 oír
oiremos VIIF1P0 oír
