opero V0IP1S0 operar
operas V0IP2S0 operar
opera V0IP3S0 operar
operamos V0IP1P0 operar
operáis V0IP2P0 operar
operan V0IP3P0 operar
operaba V0II1S0 operar
operabas V0II2S0 operar
operaba V0II3S0 operar
operábamos V0II1P0 operar
operabais V0II2P0 operar
operaban V0II3P0 operar
operé V0IS1S0 operar
operaste V0IS2S0 operar
operó V0IS3S0 operar
operamos V0IS1P0 operar
operasteis V0IS2P0 operar
operaron V0IS3P0 operar
operaré V0IF1S0 operar
operarás V0IF2S0 operar
operará V0IF3S0 operar
operaremos V0IF1P0 operar
operaréis V0IF2P0 operar
operarán V0IF3P0 operar
operaría V0C01S0 operar
operarías V0C02S0 operar
operaría V0C03S0 operar
operaríamos V0C01P0 operar
operaríais V0C02P0 operar
operarían V0C03P0 operar
opere V0SP1S0 operar
operes V0SP2S0 operar
opere V0SP3S0 operar
operemos V0SP1P0 operar
operéis V0SP2P0 operar
operen V0SP3P0 operar
operara V0SI1S0 operar
operase V0SI1S0 operar
operaras V0SI2S0 operar
operases V0SI2S0 operar
operara V0SI3S0 operar
operase V0SI3S0 operar
operáramos V0SI1P0 operar
operásemos V0SI1P0 operar
operarais V0SI2P0 operar
operaseis V0SI2P0 operar
operaran V0SI3P0 operar
operasen V0SI3P0 operar
operare V0SF1S0 operar
operares V0SF2S0 operar
operare V0SF3S0 operar
operáremos V0SF1P0 operar
operareis V0SF2P0 operar
operaren V0SF3P0 operar
opera V0R02S0 operar
opérame V0R02S0 operar
opérate V0R02S0 operar
opéralo V0R02S0 operar
opérala V0R02S0 operar
opéralos V0R02S0 operar
opéralas V0R02S0 operar
opérale V0R02S0 operar
opérales V0R02S0 operar
opéranos V0R02S0 operar
opéramelo V0R02S0 operar
opéramela V0R02S0 operar
opéramelos V0R02S0 operar
opéramelas V0R02S0 operar
opéramele V0R02S0 operar
opérameles V0R02S0 operar
opératelo V0R02S0 operar
opératela V0R02S0 operar
opératelos V0R02S0 operar
opératelas V0R02S0 operar
opératele V0R02S0 operar
opérateles V0R02S0 operar
opéranoslo V0R02S0 operar
opéranosla V0R02S0 operar
opéranoslos V0R02S0 operar
opéranoslas V0R02S0 operar
opéranosle V0R02S0 operar
opéranosles V0R02S0 operar
opere V0R03S0 operar
opéreme V0R03S0 operar
opérese V0R03S0 operar
opérelo V0R03S0 operar
opérela V0R03S0 operar
opérelos V0R03S0 operar
opérelas V0R03S0 operar
opérele V0R03S0 operar
opéreles V0R03S0 operar
opérenos V0R03S0 operar
opéremelo V0R03S0 operar
opéremela V0R03S0 operar
opéremelos V0R03S0 operar
opéremelas V0R03S0 operar
opéremele V0R03S0 operar
opéremeles V0R03S0 operar
opéreselo V0R03S0 operar
opéresela V0R03S0 operar
opéreselos V0R03S0 operar
opéreselas V0R03S0 operar
opéresele V0R03S0 operar
opéreseles V0R03S0 operar
opérenoslo V0R03S0 operar
opérenosla V0R03S0 operar
opérenoslos V0R03S0 operar
opérenoslas V0R03S0 operar
opérenosle V0R03S0 operar
opérenosles V0R03S0 operar
opéresenos V0R03S0 operar
operemos V0R01P0 operar
operémoslo V0R01P0 operar
operémosla V0R01P0 operar
operémoslos V0R01P0 operar
operémoslas V0R01P0 operar
operémosle V0R01P0 operar
operémosles V0R01P0 operar
operémonos V0R01P0 operar
operémosmelo V0R01P0 operar
operémosmela V0R01P0 operar
operémosmelos V0R01P0 operar
operémosmelas V0R01P0 operar
operémosmele V0R01P0 operar
operémosmeles V0R01P0 operar
operémostelo V0R01P0 operar
operémostela V0R01P0 operar
operémostelos V0R01P0 operar
operémostelas V0R01P0 operar
operémostele V0R01P0 operar
operémosteles V0R01P0 operar
operémosselo V0R01P0 operar
operémossela V0R01P0 operar
operémosselos V0R01P0 operar
operémosselas V0R01P0 operar
operémossele V0R01P0 operar
operémosseles V0R01P0 operar
operémonoslo V0R01P0 operar
operémonosla V0R01P0 operar
operémonoslos V0R01P0 operar
operémonoslas V0R01P0 operar
operémonosle V0R01P0 operar
operémonosles V0R01P0 operar
operémossenos V0R01P0 operar
operad V0R02P0 operar
operadme V0R02P0 operar
operadse V0R02P0 operar
operadlo V0R02P0 operar
operadla V0R02P0 operar
operadlos V0R02P0 operar
operadlas V0R02P0 operar
operadle V0R02P0 operar
operadles V0R02P0 operar
operadnos V0R02P0 operar
operádmelo V0R02P0 operar
operádmela V0R02P0 operar
operádmelos V0R02P0 operar
operádmelas V0R02P0 operar
operádmele V0R02P0 operar
operádmeles V0R02P0 operar
operádselo V0R02P0 operar
operádsela V0R02P0 operar
operádselos V0R02P0 operar
operádselas V0R02P0 operar
operádsele V0R02P0 operar
operádseles V0R02P0 operar
operádnoslo V0R02P0 operar
operádnosla V0R02P0 operar
operádnoslos V0R02P0 operar
operádnoslas V0R02P0 operar
operádnosle V0R02P0 operar
operádnosles V0R02P0 operar
operádsenos V0R02P0 operar
operen V0R03P0 operar
opérenme V0R03P0 operar
opérense V0R03P0 operar
opérenlo V0R03P0 operar
opérenla V0R03P0 operar
opérenlos V0R03P0 operar
opérenlas V0R03P0 operar
opérenle V0R03P0 operar
opérenles V0R03P0 operar
opérennos V0R03P0 operar
opérenmelo V0R03P0 operar
opérenmela V0R03P0 operar
opérenmelos V0R03P0 operar
opérenmelas V0R03P0 operar
opérenmele V0R03P0 operar
opérenmeles V0R03P0 operar
opérenselo V0R03P0 operar
opérensela V0R03P0 operar
opérenselos V0R03P0 operar
opérenselas V0R03P0 operar
opérensele V0R03P0 operar
opérenseles V0R03P0 operar
opérennoslo V0R03P0 operar
opérennosla V0R03P0 operar
opérennoslos V0R03P0 operar
opérennoslas V0R03P0 operar
opérennosle V0R03P0 operar
opérennosles V0R03P0 operar
opérensenos V0R03P0 operar
operar V0N0000 operar
operarme V0N0000 operar
operarte V0N0000 operar
operarse V0N0000 operar
operarlo V0N0000 operar
operarla V0N0000 operar
operarlos V0N0000 operar
operarlas V0N0000 operar
operarle V0N0000 operar
operarles V0N0000 operar
operarnos V0N0000 operar
operármelo V0N0000 operar
operármela V0N0000 operar
operármelos V0N0000 operar
operármelas V0N0000 operar
operármele V0N0000 operar
operármeles V0N0000 operar
operártelo V0N0000 operar
operártela V0N0000 operar
operártelos V0N0000 operar
operártelas V0N0000 operar
operártele V0N0000 operar
operárteles V0N0000 operar
operárselo V0N0000 operar
operársela V0N0000 operar
operárselos V0N0000 operar
operárselas V0N0000 operar
operársele V0N0000 operar
operárseles V0N0000 operar
operárnoslo V0N0000 operar
operárnosla V0N0000 operar
operárnoslos V0N0000 operar
operárnoslas V0N0000 operar
operárnosle V0N0000 operar
operárnosles V0N0000 operar
operársenos V0N0000 operar
operando V0G0000 operar
operándome V0G0000 operar
operándote V0G0000 operar
operándose V0G0000 operar
operándolo V0G0000 operar
operándola V0G0000 operar
operándolos V0G0000 operar
operándolas V0G0000 operar
operándole V0G0000 operar
operándoles V0G0000 operar
operándonos V0G0000 operar
operándomelo V0G0000 operar
operándomela V0G0000 operar
operándomelos V0G0000 operar
operándomelas V0G0000 operar
operándomele V0G0000 operar
operándomeles V0G0000 operar
operándotelo V0G0000 operar
operándotela V0G0000 operar
operándotelos V0G0000 operar
operándotelas V0G0000 operar
operándotele V0G0000 operar
operándoteles V0G0000 operar
operándoselo V0G0000 operar
operándosela V0G0000 operar
operándoselos V0G0000 operar
operándoselas V0G0000 operar
operándosele V0G0000 operar
operándoseles V0G0000 operar
operándonoslo V0G0000 operar
operándonosla V0G0000 operar
operándonoslos V0G0000 operar
operándonoslas V0G0000 operar
operándonosle V0G0000 operar
operándonosles V0G0000 operar
operándosenos V0G0000 operar
operado V0P00SM operar
operada V0P00SF operar
operados V0P00PM operar
operadas V0P00PF operar
opino V0IP1S0 opinar
opinas V0IP2S0 opinar
opina V0IP3S0 opinar
opinamos V0IP1P0 opinar
opináis V0IP2P0 opinar
opinan V0IP3P0 opinar
opinaba V0II1S0 opinar
opinabas V0II2S0 opinar
opinaba V0II3S0 opinar
opinábamos V0II1P0 opinar
opinabais V0II2P0 opinar
opinaban V0II3P0 opinar
opiné V0IS1S0 opinar
opinaste V0IS2S0 opinar
opinó V0IS3S0 opinar
opinamos V0IS1P0 opinar
opinasteis V0IS2P0 opinar
opinaron V0IS3P0 opinar
opinaré V0IF1S0 opinar
opinarás V0IF2S0 opinar
opinará V0IF3S0 opinar
opinaremos V0IF1P0 opinar
opinaréis V0IF2P0 opinar
opinarán V0IF3P0 opinar
opinaría V0C01S0 opinar
opinarías V0C02S0 opinar
opinaría V0C03S0 opinar
opinaríamos V0C01P0 opinar
opinaríais V0C02P0 opinar
opinarían V0C03P0 opinar
opine V0SP1S0 opinar
opines V0SP2S0 opinar
opine V0SP3S0 opinar
opinemos V0SP1P0 opinar
opinéis V0SP2P0 opinar
opinen V0SP3P0 opinar
opinara V0SI1S0 opinar
opinase V0SI1S0 opinar
opinaras V0SI2S0 opinar
opinases V0SI2S0 opinar
opinara V0SI3S0 opinar
opinase V0SI3S0 opinar
opináramos V0SI1P0 opinar
opinásemos V0SI1P0 opinar
opinarais V0SI2P0 opinar
opinaseis V0SI2P0 opinar
opinaran V0SI3P0 opinar
opinasen V0SI3P0 opinar
opinare V0SF1S0 opinar
opinares V0SF2S0 opinar
opinare V0SF3S0 opinar
opináremos V0SF1P0 opinar
opinareis V0SF2P0 opinar
opinaren V0SF3P0 opinar
opina V0R02S0 opinar
opíname V0R02S0 opinar
opínate V0R02S0 opinar
opínalo V0R02S0 opinar
opínala V0R02S0 opinar
opínalos V0R02S0 opinar
opínalas V0R02S0 opinar
opínale V0R02S0 opinar
opínales V0R02S0 opinar
opínanos V0R02S0 opinar
opínamelo V0R02S0 opinar
opínamela V0R02S0 opinar
opínamelos V0R02S0 opinar
opínamelas V0R02S0 opinar
opínamele V0R02S0 opinar
opínameles V0R02S0 opinar
opínatelo V0R02S0 opinar
opínatela V0R02S0 opinar
opínatelos V0R02S0 opinar
opínatelas V0R02S0 opinar
opínatele V0R02S0 opinar
opínateles V0R02S0 opinar
opínanoslo V0R02S0 opinar
opínanosla V0R02S0 opinar
opínanoslos V0R02S0 opinar
opínanoslas V0R02S0 opinar
opínanosle V0R02S0 opinar
opínanosles V0R02S0 opinar
opine V0R03S0 opinar
opíneme V0R03S0 opinar
opínese V0R03S0 opinar
opínelo V0R03S0 opinar
opínela V0R03S0 opinar
opínelos V0R03S0 opinar
opínelas V0R03S0 opinar
opínele V0R03S0 opinar
opíneles V0R03S0 opinar
opínenos V0R03S0 opinar
opínemelo V0R03S0 opinar
opínemela V0R03S0 opinar
opínemelos V0R03S0 opinar
opínemelas V0R03S0 opinar
opínemele V0R03S0 opinar
opínemeles V0R03S0 opinar
opíneselo V0R03S0 opinar
opínesela V0R03S0 opinar
opíneselos V0R03S0 opinar
opíneselas V0R03S0 opinar
opínesele V0R03S0 opinar
opíneseles V0R03S0 opinar
opínenoslo V0R03S0 opinar
opínenosla V0R03S0 opinar
opínenoslos V0R03S0 opinar
opínenoslas V0R03S0 opinar
opínenosle V0R03S0 opinar
opínenosles V0R03S0 opinar
opínesenos V0R03S0 opinar
opinemos V0R01P0 opinar
opinémoslo V0R01P0 opinar
opinémosla V0R01P0 opinar
opinémoslos V0R01P0 opinar
opinémoslas V0R01P0 opinar
opinémosle V0R01P0 opinar
opinémosles V0R01P0 opinar
opinémonos V0R01P0 opinar
opinémosmelo V0R01P0 opinar
opinémosmela V0R01P0 opinar
opinémosmelos V0R01P0 opinar
opinémosmelas V0R01P0 opinar
opinémosmele V0R01P0 opinar
opinémosmeles V0R01P0 opinar
opinémostelo V0R01P0 opinar
opinémostela V0R01P0 opinar
opinémostelos V0R01P0 opinar
opinémostelas V0R01P0 opinar
opinémostele V0R01P0 opinar
opinémosteles V0R01P0 opinar
opinémosselo V0R01P0 opinar
opinémossela V0R01P0 opinar
opinémosselos V0R01P0 opinar
opinémosselas V0R01P0 opinar
opinémossele V0R01P0 opinar
opinémosseles V0R01P0 opinar
opinémonoslo V0R01P0 opinar
opinémonosla V0R01P0 opinar
opinémonoslos V0R01P0 opinar
opinémonoslas V0R01P0 opinar
opinémonosle V0R01P0 opinar
opinémonosles V0R01P0 opinar
opinémossenos V0R01P0 opinar
opinad V0R02P0 opinar
opinadme V0R02P0 opinar
opinadse V0R02P0 opinar
opinadlo V0R02P0 opinar
opinadla V0R02P0 opinar
opinadlos V0R02P0 opinar
opinadlas V0R02P0 opinar
opinadle V0R02P0 opinar
opinadles V0R02P0 opinar
opinadnos V0R02P0 opinar
opinádmelo V0R02P0 opinar
opinádmela V0R02P0 opinar
opinádmelos V0R02P0 opinar
opinádmelas V0R02P0 opinar
opinádmele V0R02P0 opinar
opinádmeles V0R02P0 opinar
opinádselo V0R02P0 opinar
opinádsela V0R02P0 opinar
opinádselos V0R02P0 opinar
opinádselas V0R02P0 opinar
opinádsele V0R02P0 opinar
opinádseles V0R02P0 opinar
opinádnoslo V0R02P0 opinar
opinádnosla V0R02P0 opinar
opinádnoslos V0R02P0 opinar
opinádnoslas V0R02P0 opinar
opinádnosle V0R02P0 opinar
opinádnosles V0R02P0 opinar
opinádsenos V0R02P0 opinar
opinen V0R03P0 opinar
opínenme V0R03P0 opinar
opínense V0R03P0 opinar
opínenlo V0R03P0 opinar
opínenla V0R03P0 opinar
opínenlos V0R03P0 opinar
opínenlas V0R03P0 opinar
opínenle V0R03P0 opinar
opínenles V0R03P0 opinar
opínennos V0R03P0 opinar
opínenmelo V0R03P0 opinar
opínenmela V0R03P0 opinar
opínenmelos V0R03P0 opinar
opínenmelas V0R03P0 opinar
opínenmele V0R03P0 opinar
opínenmeles V0R03P0 opinar
opínenselo V0R03P0 opinar
opínensela V0R03P0 opinar
opínenselos V0R03P0 opinar
opínenselas V0R03P0 opinar
opínensele V0R03P0 opinar
opínenseles V0R03P0 opinar
opínennoslo V0R03P0 opinar
opínennosla V0R03P0 opinar
opínennoslos V0R03P0 opinar
opínennoslas V0R03P0 opinar
opínennosle V0R03P0 opinar
opínennosles V0R03P0 opinar
opínensenos V0R03P0 opinar
opinar V0N0000 opinar
opinarme V0N0000 opinar
opinarte V0N0000 opinar
opinarse V0N0000 opinar
opinarlo V0N0000 opinar
opinarla V0N0000 opinar
opinarlos V0N0000 opinar
opinarlas V0N0000 opinar
opinarle V0N0000 opinar
opinarles V0N0000 opinar
opinarnos V0N0000 opinar
opinármelo V0N0000 opinar
opinármela V0N0000 opinar
opinármelos V0N0000 opinar
opinármelas V0N0000 opinar
opinármele V0N0000 opinar
opinármeles V0N0000 opinar
opinártelo V0N0000 opinar
opinártela V0N0000 opinar
opinártelos V0N0000 opinar
opinártelas V0N0000 opinar
opinártele V0N0000 opinar
opinárteles V0N0000 opinar
opinárselo V0N0000 opinar
opinársela V0N0000 opinar
opinárselos V0N0000 opinar
opinárselas V0N0000 opinar
opinársele V0N0000 opinar
opinárseles V0N0000 opinar
opinárnoslo V0N0000 opinar
opinárnosla V0N0000 opinar
opinárnoslos V0N0000 opinar
opinárnoslas V0N0000 opinar
opinárnosle V0N0000 opinar
opinárnosles V0N0000 opinar
opinársenos V0N0000 opinar
opinando V0G0000 opinar
opinándome V0G0000 opinar
opinándote V0G0000 opinar
opinándose V0G0000 opinar
opinándolo V0G0000 opinar
opinándola V0G0000 opinar
opinándolos V0G0000 opinar
opinándolas V0G0000 opinar
opinándole V0G0000 opinar
opinándoles V0G0000 opinar
opinándonos V0G0000 opinar
opinándomelo V0G0000 opinar
opinándomela V0G0000 opinar
opinándomelos V0G0000 opinar
opinándomelas V0G0000 opinar
opinándomele V0G0000 opinar
opinándomeles V0G0000 opinar
opinándotelo V0G0000 opinar
opinándotela V0G0000 opinar
opinándotelos V0G0000 opinar
opinándotelas V0G0000 opinar
opinándotele V0G0000 opinar
opinándoteles V0G0000 opinar
opinándoselo V0G0000 opinar
opinándosela V0G0000 opinar
opinándoselos V0G0000 opinar
opinándoselas V0G0000 opinar
opinándosele V0G0000 opinar
opinándoseles V0G0000 opinar
opinándonoslo V0G0000 opinar
opinándonosla V0G0000 opinar
opinándonoslos V0G0000 opinar
opinándonoslas V0G0000 opinar
opinándonosle V0G0000 opinar
opinándonosles V0G0000 opinar
opinándosenos V0G0000 opinar
opinado V0P00SM opinar
opinada V0P00SF opinar
opinados V0P00PM opinar
opinadas V0P00PF opinar
opón VIR02S0 oponer
opónmelo VIR02S0 oponer
opónmela VIR02S0 oponer
opónmelos VIR02S0 oponer
opónmelas VIR02S0 oponer
opónmele VIR02S0 oponer
opónmeles VIR02S0 oponer
opóntelo VIR02S0 oponer
opóntela VIR02S0 oponer
opóntelos VIR02S0 oponer
opóntelas VIR02S0 oponer
opóntele VIR02S0 oponer
opónteles VIR02S0 oponer
opónnoslo VIR02S0 oponer
opónnosla VIR02S0 oponer
opónnoslos VIR02S0 oponer
opónnoslas VIR02S0 oponer
opónnosle VIR02S0 oponer
opónnosles VIR02S0 oponer
opondrá VIIF3S0 oponer
opondrán VIIF3P0 oponer
opondrás VIIF2S0 oponer
opondré VIIF1S0 oponer
opondréis VIIF2P0 oponer
opondréis VISP2P0 oponer
opondremos VIIF1P0 oponer
opondremos VIIP1P0 oponer
opondría VIC01S0 oponer
opondría VIC03S0 oponer
opondríais VIC02P0 oponer
opondríamos VIC01P0 oponer
opondrían VIC03P0 oponer
opondrías VIC02S0 oponer
opone VIIP3S0 oponer
oponed VIR02P0 oponer
oponedme VIR02P0 oponer
oponedse VIR02P0 oponer
oponedlo VIR02P0 oponer
oponedla VIR02P0 oponer
oponedlos VIR02P0 oponer
oponedlas VIR02P0 oponer
oponedle VIR02P0 oponer
oponedles VIR02P0 oponer
oponednos VIR02P0 oponer
oponédmelo VIR02P0 oponer
oponédmela VIR02P0 oponer
oponédmelos VIR02P0 oponer
oponédmelas VIR02P0 oponer
oponédmele VIR02P0 oponer
oponédmeles VIR02P0 oponer
oponédselo VIR02P0 oponer
oponédsela VIR02P0 oponer
oponédselos VIR02P0 oponer
oponédselas VIR02P0 oponer
oponédsele VIR02P0 oponer
oponédseles VIR02P0 oponer
oponédnoslo VIR02P0 oponer
oponédnosla VIR02P0 oponer
oponédnoslos VIR02P0 oponer
oponédnoslas VIR02P0 oponer
oponédnosle VIR02P0 oponer
oponédnosles VIR02P0 oponer
oponédsenos VIR02P0 oponer
oponéis VIIP2P0 oponer
oponen VIIP3P0 oponer
oponer VIN0000 oponer
oponerme VIN0000 oponer
oponerte VIN0000 oponer
oponerse VIN0000 oponer
oponerlo VIN0000 oponer
oponerla VIN0000 oponer
oponerlos VIN0000 oponer
oponerlas VIN0000 oponer
oponerle VIN0000 oponer
oponerles VIN0000 oponer
oponernos VIN0000 oponer
oponérmelo VIN0000 oponer
oponérmela VIN0000 oponer
oponérmelos VIN0000 oponer
oponérmelas VIN0000 oponer
oponérmele VIN0000 oponer
oponérmeles VIN0000 oponer
oponértelo VIN0000 oponer
oponértela VIN0000 oponer
oponértelos VIN0000 oponer
oponértelas VIN0000 oponer
oponértele VIN0000 oponer
oponérteles VIN0000 oponer
oponérselo VIN0000 oponer
oponérsela VIN0000 oponer
oponérselos VIN0000 oponer
oponérselas VIN0000 oponer
oponérsele VIN0000 oponer
oponérseles VIN0000 oponer
oponérnoslo VIN0000 oponer
oponérnosla VIN0000 oponer
oponérnoslos VIN0000 oponer
oponérnoslas VIN0000 oponer
oponérnosle VIN0000 oponer
oponérnosles VIN0000 oponer
oponérsenos VIN0000 oponer
opones VIIP2S0 oponer
oponga VIR03S0 oponer
opóngame VIR03S0 oponer
opóngase VIR03S0 oponer
opóngalo VIR03S0 oponer
opóngala VIR03S0 oponer
opóngalos VIR03S0 oponer
opóngalas VIR03S0 oponer
opóngale VIR03S0 oponer
opóngales VIR03S0 oponer
opónganos VIR03S0 oponer
opóngamelo VIR03S0 oponer
opóngamela VIR03S0 oponer
opóngamelos VIR03S0 oponer
opóngamelas VIR03S0 oponer
opóngamele VIR03S0 oponer
opóngameles VIR03S0 oponer
opóngaselo VIR03S0 oponer
opóngasela VIR03S0 oponer
opóngaselos VIR03S0 oponer
opóngaselas VIR03S0 oponer
opóngasele VIR03S0 oponer
opóngaseles VIR03S0 oponer
opónganoslo VIR03S0 oponer
opónganosla VIR03S0 oponer
opónganoslos VIR03S0 oponer
opónganoslas VIR03S0 oponer
opónganosle VIR03S0 oponer
opónganosles VIR03S0 oponer
opóngasenos VIR03S0 oponer
oponga VISP1S0 oponer
oponga VISP3S0 oponer
opongamos VIR01P0 oponer
opongámoslo VIR01P0 oponer
opongámosla VIR01P0 oponer
opongámoslos VIR01P0 oponer
opongámoslas VIR01P0 oponer
opongámosle VIR01P0 oponer
opongámosles VIR01P0 oponer
opongámonos VIR01P0 oponer
opongámosmelo VIR01P0 oponer
opongámosmela VIR01P0 oponer
opongámosmelos VIR01P0 oponer
opongámosmelas VIR01P0 oponer
opongámosmele VIR01P0 oponer
opongámosmeles VIR01P0 oponer
opongámostelo VIR01P0 oponer
opongámostela VIR01P0 oponer
opongámostelos VIR01P0 oponer
opongámostelas VIR01P0 oponer
opongámostele VIR01P0 oponer
opongámosteles VIR01P0 oponer
opongámosselo VIR01P0 oponer
opongámossela VIR01P0 oponer
opongámosselos VIR01P0 oponer
opongámosselas VIR01P0 oponer
opongámossele VIR01P0 oponer
opongámosseles VIR01P0 oponer
opongámonoslo VIR01P0 oponer
opongámonosla VIR01P0 oponer
opongámonoslos VIR01P0 oponer
opongámonoslas VIR01P0 oponer
opongámonosle VIR01P0 oponer
opongámonosles VIR01P0 oponer
opongámossenos VIR01P0 oponer
opongamos VISP1P0 oponer
opongan VIR03P0 oponer
opónganme VIR03P0 oponer
opónganse VIR03P0 oponer
opónganlo VIR03P0 oponer
opónganla VIR03P0 oponer
opónganlos VIR03P0 oponer
opónganlas VIR03P0 oponer
opónganle VIR03P0 oponer
opónganles VIR03P0 oponer
opóngannos VIR03P0 oponer
opónganmelo VIR03P0 oponer
opónganmela VIR03P0 oponer
opónganmelos VIR03P0 oponer
opónganmelas VIR03P0 oponer
opónganmele VIR03P0 oponer
opónganmeles VIR03P0 oponer
opónganselo VIR03P0 oponer
opóngansela VIR03P0 oponer
opónganselos VIR03P0 oponer
opónganselas VIR03P0 oponer
opóngansele VIR03P0 oponer
opónganseles VIR03P0 oponer
opóngannoslo VIR03P0 oponer
opóngannosla VIR03P0 oponer
opóngannoslos VIR03P0 oponer
opóngannoslas VIR03P0 oponer
opóngannosle VIR03P0 oponer
opóngannosles VIR03P0 oponer
opóngansenos VIR03P0 oponer
opongan VISP3P0 oponer
opongas VISP2S0 oponer
opongo VIIP1S0 oponer
oponía VIII1S0 oponer
oponía VIII3S0 oponer
oponíais VIII2P0 oponer
oponíamos VIII1P0 oponer
oponían VIII3P0 oponer
oponías VIII2S0 oponer
oponiendo VIG0000 oponer
oponiéndome VIG0000 oponer
oponiéndote VIG0000 oponer
oponiéndose VIG0000 oponer
oponiéndolo VIG0000 oponer
oponiéndola VIG0000 oponer
oponiéndolos VIG0000 oponer
oponiéndolas VIG0000 oponer
oponiéndole VIG0000 oponer
oponiéndoles VIG0000 oponer
oponiéndonos VIG0000 oponer
oponiéndomelo VIG0000 oponer
oponiéndomela VIG0000 oponer
oponiéndomelos VIG0000 oponer
oponiéndomelas VIG0000 oponer
oponiéndomele VIG0000 oponer
oponiéndomeles VIG0000 oponer
oponiéndotelo VIG0000 oponer
oponiéndotela VIG0000 oponer
oponiéndotelos VIG0000 oponer
oponiéndotelas VIG0000 oponer
oponiéndotele VIG0000 oponer
oponiéndoteles VIG0000 oponer
oponiéndoselo VIG0000 oponer
oponiéndosela VIG0000 oponer
oponiéndoselos VIG0000 oponer
oponiéndoselas VIG0000 oponer
oponiéndosele VIG0000 oponer
oponiéndoseles VIG0000 oponer
oponiéndonoslo VIG0000 oponer
oponiéndonosla VIG0000 oponer
oponiéndonoslos VIG0000 oponer
oponiéndonoslas VIG0000 oponer
oponiéndonosle VIG0000 oponer
oponiéndonosles VIG0000 oponer
oponiéndosenos VIG0000 oponer
oprimo V0IP1S0 oprimir
oprimes V0IP2S0 oprimir
oprime V0IP3S0 oprimir
oprimimos V0IP1P0 oprimir
oprimís V0IP2P0 oprimir
oprimen V0IP3P0 oprimir
oprimía V0II1S0 oprimir
oprimías V0II2S0 oprimir
oprimía V0II3S0 oprimir
oprimíamos V0II1P0 oprimir
oprimíais V0II2P0 oprimir
oprimían V0II3P0 oprimir
oprimí V0IS1S0 oprimir
oprimiste V0IS2S0 oprimir
oprimió V0IS3S0 oprimir
oprimimos V0IS1P0 oprimir
oprimisteis V0IS2P0 oprimir
oprimieron V0IS3P0 oprimir
oprimiré V0IF1S0 oprimir
oprimirás V0IF2S0 oprimir
oprimirá V0IF3S0 oprimir
oprimiremos V0IF1P0 oprimir
oprimiréis V0IF2P0 oprimir
oprimirán V0IF3P0 oprimir
oprimiría V0C01S0 oprimir
oprimirías V0C02S0 oprimir
oprimiría V0C03S0 oprimir
oprimiríamos V0C01P0 oprimir
oprimiríais V0C02P0 oprimir
oprimirían V0C03P0 oprimir
oprima V0SP1S0 oprimir
oprimas V0SP2S0 oprimir
oprima V0SP3S0 oprimir
oprimamos V0SP1P0 oprimir
oprimáis V0SP2P0 oprimir
opriman V0SP3P0 oprimir
oprimiera V0SI1S0 oprimir
oprimiese V0SI1S0 oprimir
oprimieras V0SI2S0 oprimir
oprimieses V0SI2S0 oprimir
oprimiera V0SI3S0 oprimir
oprimiese V0SI3S0 oprimir
oprimiéramos V0SI1P0 oprimir
oprimiésemos V0SI1P0 oprimir
oprimierais V0SI2P0 oprimir
oprimieseis V0SI2P0 oprimir
oprimieran V0SI3P0 oprimir
oprimiesen V0SI3P0 oprimir
oprimiere V0SF1S0 oprimir
oprimieres V0SF2S0 oprimir
oprimiere V0SF3S0 oprimir
oprimiéremos V0SF1P0 oprimir
oprimiereis V0SF2P0 oprimir
oprimieren V0SF3P0 oprimir
oprime V0R02S0 oprimir
oprímeme V0R02S0 oprimir
oprímete V0R02S0 oprimir
oprímelo V0R02S0 oprimir
oprímela V0R02S0 oprimir
oprímelos V0R02S0 oprimir
oprímelas V0R02S0 oprimir
oprímele V0R02S0 oprimir
oprímeles V0R02S0 oprimir
oprímenos V0R02S0 oprimir
oprímemelo V0R02S0 oprimir
oprímemela V0R02S0 oprimir
oprímemelos V0R02S0 oprimir
oprímemelas V0R02S0 oprimir
oprímemele V0R02S0 oprimir
oprímemeles V0R02S0 oprimir
oprímetelo V0R02S0 oprimir
oprímetela V0R02S0 oprimir
oprímetelos V0R02S0 oprimir
oprímetelas V0R02S0 oprimir
oprímetele V0R02S0 oprimir
oprímeteles V0R02S0 oprimir
oprímenoslo V0R02S0 oprimir
oprímenosla V0R02S0 oprimir
oprímenoslos V0R02S0 oprimir
oprímenoslas V0R02S0 oprimir
oprímenosle V0R02S0 oprimir
oprímenosles V0R02S0 oprimir
oprima V0R03S0 oprimir
oprímame V0R03S0 oprimir
oprímase V0R03S0 oprimir
oprímalo V0R03S0 oprimir
oprímala V0R03S0 oprimir
oprímalos V0R03S0 oprimir
oprímalas V0R03S0 oprimir
oprímale V0R03S0 oprimir
oprímales V0R03S0 oprimir
oprímanos V0R03S0 oprimir
oprímamelo V0R03S0 oprimir
oprímamela V0R03S0 oprimir
oprímamelos V0R03S0 oprimir
oprímamelas V0R03S0 oprimir
oprímamele V0R03S0 oprimir
oprímameles V0R03S0 oprimir
oprímaselo V0R03S0 oprimir
oprímasela V0R03S0 oprimir
oprímaselos V0R03S0 oprimir
oprímaselas V0R03S0 oprimir
oprímasele V0R03S0 oprimir
oprímaseles V0R03S0 oprimir
oprímanoslo V0R03S0 oprimir
oprímanosla V0R03S0 oprimir
oprímanoslos V0R03S0 oprimir
oprímanoslas V0R03S0 oprimir
oprímanosle V0R03S0 oprimir
oprímanosles V0R03S0 oprimir
oprímasenos V0R03S0 oprimir
oprimamos V0R01P0 oprimir
oprimámoslo V0R01P0 oprimir
oprimámosla V0R01P0 oprimir
oprimámoslos V0R01P0 oprimir
oprimámoslas V0R01P0 oprimir
oprimámosle V0R01P0 oprimir
oprimámosles V0R01P0 oprimir
oprimámonos V0R01P0 oprimir
oprimámosmelo V0R01P0 oprimir
oprimámosmela V0R01P0 oprimir
oprimámosmelos V0R01P0 oprimir
oprimámosmelas V0R01P0 oprimir
oprimámosmele V0R01P0 oprimir
oprimámosmeles V0R01P0 oprimir
oprimámostelo V0R01P0 oprimir
oprimámostela V0R01P0 oprimir
oprimámostelos V0R01P0 oprimir
oprimámostelas V0R01P0 oprimir
oprimámostele V0R01P0 oprimir
oprimámosteles V0R01P0 oprimir
oprimámosselo V0R01P0 oprimir
oprimámossela V0R01P0 oprimir
oprimámosselos V0R01P0 oprimir
oprimámosselas V0R01P0 oprimir
oprimámossele V0R01P0 oprimir
oprimámosseles V0R01P0 oprimir
oprimámonoslo V0R01P0 oprimir
oprimámonosla V0R01P0 oprimir
oprimámonoslos V0R01P0 oprimir
oprimámonoslas V0R01P0 oprimir
oprimámonosle V0R01P0 oprimir
oprimámonosles V0R01P0 oprimir
oprimámossenos V0R01P0 oprimir
oprimid V0R02P0 oprimir
oprimidme V0R02P0 oprimir
oprimidse V0R02P0 oprimir
oprimidlo V0R02P0 oprimir
oprimidla V0R02P0 oprimir
oprimidlos V0R02P0 oprimir
oprimidlas V0R02P0 oprimir
oprimidle V0R02P0 oprimir
oprimidles V0R02P0 oprimir
oprimidnos V0R02P0 oprimir
oprimídmelo V0R02P0 oprimir
oprimídmela V0R02P0 oprimir
oprimídmelos V0R02P0 oprimir
oprimídmelas V0R02P0 oprimir
oprimídmele V0R02P0 oprimir
oprimídmeles V0R02P0 oprimir
oprimídselo V0R02P0 oprimir
oprimídsela V0R02P0 oprimir
oprimídselos V0R02P0 oprimir
oprimídselas V0R02P0 oprimir
oprimídsele V0R02P0 oprimir
oprimídseles V0R02P0 oprimir
oprimídnoslo V0R02P0 oprimir
oprimídnosla V0R02P0 oprimir
oprimídnoslos V0R02P0 oprimir
oprimídnoslas V0R02P0 oprimir
oprimídnosle V0R02P0 oprimir
oprimídnosles V0R02P0 oprimir
oprimídsenos V0R02P0 oprimir
opriman V0R03P0 oprimir
oprímanme V0R03P0 oprimir
oprímanse V0R03P0 oprimir
oprímanlo V0R03P0 oprimir
oprímanla V0R03P0 oprimir
oprímanlos V0R03P0 oprimir
oprímanlas V0R03P0 oprimir
oprímanle V0R03P0 oprimir
oprímanles V0R03P0 oprimir
oprímannos V0R03P0 oprimir
oprímanmelo V0R03P0 oprimir
oprímanmela V0R03P0 oprimir
oprímanmelos V0R03P0 oprimir
oprímanmelas V0R03P0 oprimir
oprímanmele V0R03P0 oprimir
oprímanmeles V0R03P0 oprimir
oprímanselo V0R03P0 oprimir
oprímansela V0R03P0 oprimir
oprímanselos V0R03P0 oprimir
oprímanselas V0R03P0 oprimir
oprímansele V0R03P0 oprimir
oprímanseles V0R03P0 oprimir
oprímannoslo V0R03P0 oprimir
oprímannosla V0R03P0 oprimir
oprímannoslos V0R03P0 oprimir
oprímannoslas V0R03P0 oprimir
oprímannosle V0R03P0 oprimir
oprímannosles V0R03P0 oprimir
oprímansenos V0R03P0 oprimir
oprimir V0N0000 oprimir
oprimirme V0N0000 oprimir
oprimirte V0N0000 oprimir
oprimirse V0N0000 oprimir
oprimirlo V0N0000 oprimir
oprimirla V0N0000 oprimir
oprimirlos V0N0000 oprimir
oprimirlas V0N0000 oprimir
oprimirle V0N0000 oprimir
oprimirles V0N0000 oprimir
oprimirnos V0N0000 oprimir
oprimírmelo V0N0000 oprimir
oprimírmela V0N0000 oprimir
oprimírmelos V0N0000 oprimir
oprimírmelas V0N0000 oprimir
oprimírmele V0N0000 oprimir
oprimírmeles V0N0000 oprimir
oprimírtelo V0N0000 oprimir
oprimírtela V0N0000 oprimir
oprimírtelos V0N0000 oprimir
oprimírtelas V0N0000 oprimir
oprimírtele V0N0000 oprimir
oprimírteles V0N0000 oprimir
oprimírselo V0N0000 oprimir
oprimírsela V0N0000 oprimir
oprimírselos V0N0000 oprimir
oprimírselas V0N0000 oprimir
oprimírsele V0N0000 oprimir
oprimírseles V0N0000 oprimir
oprimírnoslo V0N0000 oprimir
oprimírnosla V0N0000 oprimir
oprimírnoslos V0N0000 oprimir
oprimírnoslas V0N0000 oprimir
oprimírnosle V0N0000 oprimir
oprimírnosles V0N0000 oprimir
oprimírsenos V0N0000 oprimir
oprimiendo V0G0000 oprimir
oprimiéndome V0G0000 oprimir
oprimiéndote V0G0000 oprimir
oprimiéndose V0G0000 oprimir
oprimiéndolo V0G0000 oprimir
oprimiéndola V0G0000 oprimir
oprimiéndolos V0G0000 oprimir
oprimiéndolas V0G0000 oprimir
oprimiéndole V0G0000 oprimir
oprimiéndoles V0G0000 oprimir
oprimiéndonos V0G0000 oprimir
oprimiéndomelo V0G0000 oprimir
oprimiéndomela V0G0000 oprimir
oprimiéndomelos V0G0000 oprimir
oprimiéndomelas V0G0000 oprimir
oprimiéndomele V0G0000 oprimir
oprimiéndomeles V0G0000 oprimir
oprimiéndotelo V0G0000 oprimir
oprimiéndotela V0G0000 oprimir
oprimiéndotelos V0G0000 oprimir
oprimiéndotelas V0G0000 oprimir
oprimiéndotele V0G0000 oprimir
oprimiéndoteles V0G0000 oprimir
oprimiéndoselo V0G0000 oprimir
oprimiéndosela V0G0000 oprimir
oprimiéndoselos V0G0000 oprimir
oprimiéndoselas V0G0000 oprimir
oprimiéndosele V0G0000 oprimir
oprimiéndoseles V0G0000 oprimir
oprimiéndonoslo V0G0000 oprimir
oprimiéndonosla V0G0000 oprimir
oprimiéndonoslos V0G0000 oprimir
oprimiéndonoslas V0G0000 oprimir
oprimiéndonosle V0G0000 oprimir
oprimiéndonosles V0G0000 oprimir
oprimiéndosenos V0G0000 oprimir
oprimido V0P00SM oprimir
oprimida V0P00SF oprimir
oprimidos V0P00PM oprimir
oprimidas V0P00PF oprimir
opto V0IP1S0 optar
optas V0IP2S0 optar
opta V0IP3S0 optar
optamos V0IP1P0 optar
optáis V0IP2P0 optar
optan V0IP3P0 optar
optaba V0II1S0 optar
optabas V0II2S0 optar
optaba V0II3S0 optar
optábamos V0II1P0 optar
optabais V0II2P0 optar
optaban V0II3P0 optar
opté V0IS1S0 optar
optaste V0IS2S0 optar
optó V0IS3S0 optar
optamos V0IS1P0 optar
optasteis V0IS2P0 optar
optaron V0IS3P0 optar
optaré V0IF1S0 optar
optarás V0IF2S0 optar
optará V0IF3S0 optar
optaremos V0IF1P0 optar
optaréis V0IF2P0 optar
optarán V0IF3P0 optar
optaría V0C01S0 optar
optarías V0C02S0 optar
optaría V0C03S0 optar
optaríamos V0C01P0 optar
optaríais V0C02P0 optar
optarían V0C03P0 optar
opte V0SP1S0 optar
optes V0SP2S0 optar
opte V0SP3S0 optar
optemos V0SP1P0 optar
optéis V0SP2P0 optar
opten V0SP3P0 optar
optara V0SI1S0 optar
optase V0SI1S0 optar
optaras V0SI2S0 optar
optases V0SI2S0 optar
optara V0SI3S0 optar
optase V0SI3S0 optar
optáramos V0SI1P0 optar
optásemos V0SI1P0 optar
optarais V0SI2P0 optar
optaseis V0SI2P0 optar
optaran V0SI3P0 optar
optasen V0SI3P0 optar
optare V0SF1S0 optar
optares V0SF2S0 optar
optare V0SF3S0 optar
optáremos V0SF1P0 optar
optareis V0SF2P0 optar
optaren V0SF3P0 optar
opta V0R02S0 optar
opte V0R03S0 optar
optemos V0R01P0 optar
optémoslo V0R01P0 optar
optémosla V0R01P0 optar
optémoslos V0R01P0 optar
optémoslas V0R01P0 optar
optémosle V0R01P0 optar
optémosles V0R01P0 optar
optémonos V0R01P0 optar
optémosmelo V0R01P0 optar
optémosmela V0R01P0 optar
optémosmelos V0R01P0 optar
optémosmelas V0R01P0 optar
optémosmele V0R01P0 optar
optémosmeles V0R01P0 optar
optémostelo V0R01P0 optar
optémostela V0R01P0 optar
optémostelos V0R01P0 optar
optémostelas V0R01P0 optar
optémostele V0R01P0 optar
optémosteles V0R01P0 optar
optémosselo V0R01P0 optar
optémossela V0R01P0 optar
optémosselos V0R01P0 optar
optémosselas V0R01P0 optar
optémossele V0R01P0 optar
optémosseles V0R01P0 optar
optémonoslo V0R01P0 optar
optémonosla V0R01P0 optar
optémonoslos V0R01P0 optar
optémonoslas V0R01P0 optar
optémonosle V0R01P0 optar
optémonosles V0R01P0 optar
optémossenos V0R01P0 optar
optad V0R02P0 optar
optadme V0R02P0 optar
optadse V0R02P0 optar
optadlo V0R02P0 optar
optadla V0R02P0 optar
optadlos V0R02P0 optar
optadlas V0R02P0 optar
optadle V0R02P0 optar
optadles V0R02P0 optar
optadnos V0R02P0 optar
optádmelo V0R02P0 optar
optádmela V0R02P0 optar
optádmelos V0R02P0 optar
optádmelas V0R02P0 optar
optádmele V0R02P0 optar
optádmeles V0R02P0 optar
optádselo V0R02P0 optar
optádsela V0R02P0 optar
optádselos V0R02P0 optar
optádselas V0R02P0 optar
optádsele V0R02P0 optar
optádseles V0R02P0 optar
optádnoslo V0R02P0 optar
optádnosla V0R02P0 optar
optádnoslos V0R02P0 optar
optádnoslas V0R02P0 optar
optádnosle V0R02P0 optar
optádnosles V0R02P0 optar
optádsenos V0R02P0 optar
opten V0R03P0 optar
optar V0N0000 optar
optarme V0N0000 optar
optarte V0N0000 optar
optarse V0N0000 optar
optarlo V0N0000 optar
optarla V0N0000 optar
optarlos V0N0000 optar
optarlas V0N0000 optar
optarle V0N0000 optar
optarles V0N0000 optar
optarnos V0N0000 optar
optármelo V0N0000 optar
optármela V0N0000 optar
optármelos V0N0000 optar
optármelas V0N0000 optar
optármele V0N0000 optar
optármeles V0N0000 optar
optártelo V0N0000 optar
optártela V0N0000 optar
optártelos V0N0000 optar
optártelas V0N0000 optar
optártele V0N0000 optar
optárteles V0N0000 optar
optárselo V0N0000 optar
optársela V0N0000 optar
optárselos V0N0000 optar
optárselas V0N0000 optar
optársele V0N0000 optar
optárseles V0N0000 optar
optárnoslo V0N0000 optar
optárnosla V0N0000 optar
optárnoslos V0N0000 optar
optárnoslas V0N0000 optar
optárnosle V0N0000 optar
optárnosles V0N0000 optar
optársenos V0N0000 optar
optando V0G0000 optar
optándome V0G0000 optar
optándote V0G0000 optar
optándose V0G0000 optar
optándolo V0G0000 optar
optándola V0G0000 optar
optándolos V0G0000 optar
optándolas V0G0000 optar
optándole V0G0000 optar
optándoles V0G0000 optar
optándonos V0G0000 optar
optándomelo V0G0000 optar
optándomela V0G0000 optar
optándomelos V0G0000 optar
optándomelas V0G0000 optar
optándomele V0G0000 optar
optándomeles V0G0000 optar
optándotelo V0G0000 optar
optándotela V0G0000 optar
optándotelos V0G0000 optar
optándotelas V0G0000 optar
optándotele V0G0000 optar
optándoteles V0G0000 optar
optándoselo V0G0000 optar
optándosela V0G0000 optar
optándoselos V0G0000 optar
optándoselas V0G0000 optar
optándosele V0G0000 optar
optándoseles V0G0000 optar
optándonoslo V0G0000 optar
optándonosla V0G0000 optar
optándonoslos V0G0000 optar
optándonoslas V0G0000 optar
optándonosle V0G0000 optar
optándonosles V0G0000 optar
optándosenos V0G0000 optar
optado V0P00SM optar
optada V0P00SF optar
optados V0P00PM optar
optadas V0P00PF optar
opuesto VIP00I0 oponer
opugno V0IP1S0 opugnar
opugnas V0IP2S0 opugnar
opugna V0IP3S0 opugnar
opugnamos V0IP1P0 opugnar
opugnáis V0IP2P0 opugnar
opugnan V0IP3P0 opugnar
opugnaba V0II1S0 opugnar
opugnabas V0II2S0 opugnar
opugnaba V0II3S0 opugnar
opugnábamos V0II1P0 opugnar
opugnabais V0II2P0 opugnar
opugnaban V0II3P0 opugnar
opugné V0IS1S0 opugnar
opugnaste V0IS2S0 opugnar
opugnó V0IS3S0 opugnar
opugnamos V0IS1P0 opugnar
opugnasteis V0IS2P0 opugnar
opugnaron V0IS3P0 opugnar
opugnaré V0IF1S0 opugnar
opugnarás V0IF2S0 opugnar
opugnará V0IF3S0 opugnar
opugnaremos V0IF1P0 opugnar
opugnaréis V0IF2P0 opugnar
opugnarán V0IF3P0 opugnar
opugnaría V0C01S0 opugnar
opugnarías V0C02S0 opugnar
opugnaría V0C03S0 opugnar
opugnaríamos V0C01P0 opugnar
opugnaríais V0C02P0 opugnar
opugnarían V0C03P0 opugnar
opugne V0SP1S0 opugnar
opugnes V0SP2S0 opugnar
opugne V0SP3S0 opugnar
opugnemos V0SP1P0 opugnar
opugnéis V0SP2P0 opugnar
opugnen V0SP3P0 opugnar
opugnara V0SI1S0 opugnar
opugnase V0SI1S0 opugnar
opugnaras V0SI2S0 opugnar
opugnases V0SI2S0 opugnar
opugnara V0SI3S0 opugnar
opugnase V0SI3S0 opugnar
opugnáramos V0SI1P0 opugnar
opugnásemos V0SI1P0 opugnar
opugnarais V0SI2P0 opugnar
opugnaseis V0SI2P0 opugnar
opugnaran V0SI3P0 opugnar
opugnasen V0SI3P0 opugnar
opugnare V0SF1S0 opugnar
opugnares V0SF2S0 opugnar
opugnare V0SF3S0 opugnar
opugnáremos V0SF1P0 opugnar
opugnareis V0SF2P0 opugnar
opugnaren V0SF3P0 opugnar
opugna V0R02S0 opugnar
opúgname V0R02S0 opugnar
opúgnate V0R02S0 opugnar
opúgnalo V0R02S0 opugnar
opúgnala V0R02S0 opugnar
opúgnalos V0R02S0 opugnar
opúgnalas V0R02S0 opugnar
opúgnale V0R02S0 opugnar
opúgnales V0R02S0 opugnar
opúgnanos V0R02S0 opugnar
opúgnamelo V0R02S0 opugnar
opúgnamela V0R02S0 opugnar
opúgnamelos V0R02S0 opugnar
opúgnamelas V0R02S0 opugnar
opúgnamele V0R02S0 opugnar
opúgnameles V0R02S0 opugnar
opúgnatelo V0R02S0 opugnar
opúgnatela V0R02S0 opugnar
opúgnatelos V0R02S0 opugnar
opúgnatelas V0R02S0 opugnar
opúgnatele V0R02S0 opugnar
opúgnateles V0R02S0 opugnar
opúgnanoslo V0R02S0 opugnar
opúgnanosla V0R02S0 opugnar
opúgnanoslos V0R02S0 opugnar
opúgnanoslas V0R02S0 opugnar
opúgnanosle V0R02S0 opugnar
opúgnanosles V0R02S0 opugnar
opugne V0R03S0 opugnar
opúgneme V0R03S0 opugnar
opúgnese V0R03S0 opugnar
opúgnelo V0R03S0 opugnar
opúgnela V0R03S0 opugnar
opúgnelos V0R03S0 opugnar
opúgnelas V0R03S0 opugnar
opúgnele V0R03S0 opugnar
opúgneles V0R03S0 opugnar
opúgnenos V0R03S0 opugnar
opúgnemelo V0R03S0 opugnar
opúgnemela V0R03S0 opugnar
opúgnemelos V0R03S0 opugnar
opúgnemelas V0R03S0 opugnar
opúgnemele V0R03S0 opugnar
opúgnemeles V0R03S0 opugnar
opúgneselo V0R03S0 opugnar
opúgnesela V0R03S0 opugnar
opúgneselos V0R03S0 opugnar
opúgneselas V0R03S0 opugnar
opúgnesele V0R03S0 opugnar
opúgneseles V0R03S0 opugnar
opúgnenoslo V0R03S0 opugnar
opúgnenosla V0R03S0 opugnar
opúgnenoslos V0R03S0 opugnar
opúgnenoslas V0R03S0 opugnar
opúgnenosle V0R03S0 opugnar
opúgnenosles V0R03S0 opugnar
opúgnesenos V0R03S0 opugnar
opugnemos V0R01P0 opugnar
opugnémoslo V0R01P0 opugnar
opugnémosla V0R01P0 opugnar
opugnémoslos V0R01P0 opugnar
opugnémoslas V0R01P0 opugnar
opugnémosle V0R01P0 opugnar
opugnémosles V0R01P0 opugnar
opugnémonos V0R01P0 opugnar
opugnémosmelo V0R01P0 opugnar
opugnémosmela V0R01P0 opugnar
opugnémosmelos V0R01P0 opugnar
opugnémosmelas V0R01P0 opugnar
opugnémosmele V0R01P0 opugnar
opugnémosmeles V0R01P0 opugnar
opugnémostelo V0R01P0 opugnar
opugnémostela V0R01P0 opugnar
opugnémostelos V0R01P0 opugnar
opugnémostelas V0R01P0 opugnar
opugnémostele V0R01P0 opugnar
opugnémosteles V0R01P0 opugnar
opugnémosselo V0R01P0 opugnar
opugnémossela V0R01P0 opugnar
opugnémosselos V0R01P0 opugnar
opugnémosselas V0R01P0 opugnar
opugnémossele V0R01P0 opugnar
opugnémosseles V0R01P0 opugnar
opugnémonoslo V0R01P0 opugnar
opugnémonosla V0R01P0 opugnar
opugnémonoslos V0R01P0 opugnar
opugnémonoslas V0R01P0 opugnar
opugnémonosle V0R01P0 opugnar
opugnémonosles V0R01P0 opugnar
opugnémossenos V0R01P0 opugnar
opugnad V0R02P0 opugnar
opugnadme V0R02P0 opugnar
opugnadse V0R02P0 opugnar
opugnadlo V0R02P0 opugnar
opugnadla V0R02P0 opugnar
opugnadlos V0R02P0 opugnar
opugnadlas V0R02P0 opugnar
opugnadle V0R02P0 opugnar
opugnadles V0R02P0 opugnar
opugnadnos V0R02P0 opugnar
opugnádmelo V0R02P0 opugnar
opugnádmela V0R02P0 opugnar
opugnádmelos V0R02P0 opugnar
opugnádmelas V0R02P0 opugnar
opugnádmele V0R02P0 opugnar
opugnádmeles V0R02P0 opugnar
opugnádselo V0R02P0 opugnar
opugnádsela V0R02P0 opugnar
opugnádselos V0R02P0 opugnar
opugnádselas V0R02P0 opugnar
opugnádsele V0R02P0 opugnar
opugnádseles V0R02P0 opugnar
opugnádnoslo V0R02P0 opugnar
opugnádnosla V0R02P0 opugnar
opugnádnoslos V0R02P0 opugnar
opugnádnoslas V0R02P0 opugnar
opugnádnosle V0R02P0 opugnar
opugnádnosles V0R02P0 opugnar
opugnádsenos V0R02P0 opugnar
opugnen V0R03P0 opugnar
opúgnenme V0R03P0 opugnar
opúgnense V0R03P0 opugnar
opúgnenlo V0R03P0 opugnar
opúgnenla V0R03P0 opugnar
opúgnenlos V0R03P0 opugnar
opúgnenlas V0R03P0 opugnar
opúgnenle V0R03P0 opugnar
opúgnenles V0R03P0 opugnar
opúgnennos V0R03P0 opugnar
opúgnenmelo V0R03P0 opugnar
opúgnenmela V0R03P0 opugnar
opúgnenmelos V0R03P0 opugnar
opúgnenmelas V0R03P0 opugnar
opúgnenmele V0R03P0 opugnar
opúgnenmeles V0R03P0 opugnar
opúgnenselo V0R03P0 opugnar
opúgnensela V0R03P0 opugnar
opúgnenselos V0R03P0 opugnar
opúgnenselas V0R03P0 opugnar
opúgnensele V0R03P0 opugnar
opúgnenseles V0R03P0 opugnar
opúgnennoslo V0R03P0 opugnar
opúgnennosla V0R03P0 opugnar
opúgnennoslos V0R03P0 opugnar
opúgnennoslas V0R03P0 opugnar
opúgnennosle V0R03P0 opugnar
opúgnennosles V0R03P0 opugnar
opúgnensenos V0R03P0 opugnar
opugnar V0N0000 opugnar
opugnarme V0N0000 opugnar
opugnarte V0N0000 opugnar
opugnarse V0N0000 opugnar
opugnarlo V0N0000 opugnar
opugnarla V0N0000 opugnar
opugnarlos V0N0000 opugnar
opugnarlas V0N0000 opugnar
opugnarle V0N0000 opugnar
opugnarles V0N0000 opugnar
opugnarnos V0N0000 opugnar
opugnármelo V0N0000 opugnar
opugnármela V0N0000 opugnar
opugnármelos V0N0000 opugnar
opugnármelas V0N0000 opugnar
opugnármele V0N0000 opugnar
opugnármeles V0N0000 opugnar
opugnártelo V0N0000 opugnar
opugnártela V0N0000 opugnar
opugnártelos V0N0000 opugnar
opugnártelas V0N0000 opugnar
opugnártele V0N0000 opugnar
opugnárteles V0N0000 opugnar
opugnárselo V0N0000 opugnar
opugnársela V0N0000 opugnar
opugnárselos V0N0000 opugnar
opugnárselas V0N0000 opugnar
opugnársele V0N0000 opugnar
opugnárseles V0N0000 opugnar
opugnárnoslo V0N0000 opugnar
opugnárnosla V0N0000 opugnar
opugnárnoslos V0N0000 opugnar
opugnárnoslas V0N0000 opugnar
opugnárnosle V0N0000 opugnar
opugnárnosles V0N0000 opugnar
opugnársenos V0N0000 opugnar
opugnando V0G0000 opugnar
opugnándome V0G0000 opugnar
opugnándote V0G0000 opugnar
opugnándose V0G0000 opugnar
opugnándolo V0G0000 opugnar
opugnándola V0G0000 opugnar
opugnándolos V0G0000 opugnar
opugnándolas V0G0000 opugnar
opugnándole V0G0000 opugnar
opugnándoles V0G0000 opugnar
opugnándonos V0G0000 opugnar
opugnándomelo V0G0000 opugnar
opugnándomela V0G0000 opugnar
opugnándomelos V0G0000 opugnar
opugnándomelas V0G0000 opugnar
opugnándomele V0G0000 opugnar
opugnándomeles V0G0000 opugnar
opugnándotelo V0G0000 opugnar
opugnándotela V0G0000 opugnar
opugnándotelos V0G0000 opugnar
opugnándotelas V0G0000 opugnar
opugnándotele V0G0000 opugnar
opugnándoteles V0G0000 opugnar
opugnándoselo V0G0000 opugnar
opugnándosela V0G0000 opugnar
opugnándoselos V0G0000 opugnar
opugnándoselas V0G0000 opugnar
opugnándosele V0G0000 opugnar
opugnándoseles V0G0000 opugnar
opugnándonoslo V0G0000 opugnar
opugnándonosla V0G0000 opugnar
opugnándonoslos V0G0000 opugnar
opugnándonoslas V0G0000 opugnar
opugnándonosle V0G0000 opugnar
opugnándonosles V0G0000 opugnar
opugnándosenos V0G0000 opugnar
opugnado V0P00SM opugnar
opugnada V0P00SF opugnar
opugnados V0P00PM opugnar
opugnadas V0P00PF opugnar
opuse VIIP1S0 oponer
opusiera VISI1S0 oponer
opusierais VISI2P0 oponer
opusiéramos VISI1P0 oponer
opusieran VISI3P0 oponer
opusieras VISI2S0 oponer
opusiere VISF1S0 oponer
opusiereis VISF2P0 oponer
opusiéremos VISF1P0 oponer
opusieren VISF3P0 oponer
opusieres VISF2S0 oponer
opusieron VIIF3P0 oponer
opusiese VISI1S0 oponer
opusieseis VISI2P0 oponer
opusiésemos VISI1P0 oponer
opusiesen VISI3P0 oponer
opusieses VISI2S0 oponer
opusimos VIII1P0 oponer
opusiste VIII2S0 oponer
opusisteis VIII2P0 oponer
opuso VII3S00 oponer
