oye VIIP3S0 oír
oye VIR02S0 oír
oyeis VIIP2P0 oír
oyen VIIP3P0 oír
oyendo VIG0000 oír
oyéndome VIG0000 oír
oyéndote VIG0000 oír
oyéndose VIG0000 oír
oyéndolo VIG0000 oír
oyéndola VIG0000 oír
oyéndolos VIG0000 oír
oyéndolas VIG0000 oír
oyéndole VIG0000 oír
oyéndoles VIG0000 oír
oyéndonos VIG0000 oír
oyéndomelo VIG0000 oír
oyéndomela VIG0000 oír
oyéndomelos VIG0000 oír
oyéndomelas VIG0000 oír
oyéndomele VIG0000 oír
oyéndomeles VIG0000 oír
oyéndotelo VIG0000 oír
oyéndotela VIG0000 oír
oyéndotelos VIG0000 oír
oyéndotelas VIG0000 oír
oyéndotele VIG0000 oír
oyéndoteles VIG0000 oír
oyéndoselo VIG0000 oír
oyéndosela VIG0000 oír
oyéndoselos VIG0000 oír
oyéndoselas VIG0000 oír
oyéndosele VIG0000 oír
oyéndoseles VIG0000 oír
oyéndonoslo VIG0000 oír
oyéndonosla VIG0000 oír
oyéndonoslos VIG0000 oír
oyéndonoslas VIG0000 oír
oyéndonosle VIG0000 oír
oyéndonosles VIG0000 oír
oyéndosenos VIG0000 oír
oyera VISI1S0 oír
oyerais VISI2P0 oír
oyéramos VISI1P0 oír
oyeran VISI3P0 oír
oyeras VISI2S0 oír
oyere VISF1S0 oír
oyereis VISF2P0 oír
oyéremos VISF1P0 oír
oyeren VISF3P0 oír
oyeres VISF2S0 oír
oyeron VIIF3P0 oír
oyes VIIP2S0 oír
oyese VISI1S0 oír
oyeseis VISI2P0 oír
oyésemos VISI1P0 oír
oyesen VISI3P0 oír
oyeses VISI2S0 oír
oyó VII3S00 oír
