oí VII1S00 oír
oía VIC01S0 oír
oía VIC03S0 oír
oía VIII1S0 oír
oía VIII3S0 oír
oíais VIC02P0 oír
oíais VIII2P0 oír
oíamos VIC01P0 oír
oíamos VIII1P0 oír
oían VIC03P0 oír
oían VIII3P0 oír
oías VIC02S0 oír
oías VIII2S0 oír
oíd VIR02P0 oír
oídme VIR02P0 oír
oídse VIR02P0 oír
oídlo VIR02P0 oír
oídla VIR02P0 oír
oídlos VIR02P0 oír
oídlas VIR02P0 oír
oídle VIR02P0 oír
oídles VIR02P0 oír
oídnos VIR02P0 oír
oídmelo VIR02P0 oír
oídmela VIR02P0 oír
oídmelos VIR02P0 oír
oídmelas VIR02P0 oír
oídmele VIR02P0 oír
oídmeles VIR02P0 oír
oídselo VIR02P0 oír
oídsela VIR02P0 oír
oídselos VIR02P0 oír
oídselas VIR02P0 oír
oídsele VIR02P0 oír
oídseles VIR02P0 oír
oídnoslo VIR02P0 oír
oídnosla VIR02P0 oír
oídnoslos VIR02P0 oír
oídnoslas VIR02P0 oír
oídnosle VIR02P0 oír
oídnosles VIR02P0 oír
oídsenos VIR02P0 oír
oído VIP00I0 oír
oígame VIR03S0 oír
oígase VIR03S0 oír
oígalo VIR03S0 oír
oígala VIR03S0 oír
oígalos VIR03S0 oír
oígalas VIR03S0 oír
oígale VIR03S0 oír
oígales VIR03S0 oír
oíganos VIR03S0 oír
oígamelo VIR03S0 oír
oígamela VIR03S0 oír
oígamelos VIR03S0 oír
oígamelas VIR03S0 oír
oígamele VIR03S0 oír
oígameles VIR03S0 oír
oígaselo VIR03S0 oír
oígasela VIR03S0 oír
oígaselos VIR03S0 oír
oígaselas VIR03S0 oír
oígasele VIR03S0 oír
oígaseles VIR03S0 oír
oíganoslo VIR03S0 oír
oíganosla VIR03S0 oír
oíganoslos VIR03S0 oír
oíganoslas VIR03S0 oír
oíganosle VIR03S0 oír
oíganosles VIR03S0 oír
oígasenos VIR03S0 oír
oíganme VIR03P0 oír
oíganse VIR03P0 oír
oíganlo VIR03P0 oír
oíganla VIR03P0 oír
oíganlos VIR03P0 oír
oíganlas VIR03P0 oír
oíganle VIR03P0 oír
oíganles VIR03P0 oír
oígannos VIR03P0 oír
oíganmelo VIR03P0 oír
oíganmela VIR03P0 oír
oíganmelos VIR03P0 oír
oíganmelas VIR03P0 oír
oíganmele VIR03P0 oír
oíganmeles VIR03P0 oír
oíganselo VIR03P0 oír
oígansela VIR03P0 oír
oíganselos VIR03P0 oír
oíganselas VIR03P0 oír
oígansele VIR03P0 oír
oíganseles VIR03P0 oír
oígannoslo VIR03P0 oír
oígannosla VIR03P0 oír
oígannoslos VIR03P0 oír
oígannoslas VIR03P0 oír
oígannosle VIR03P0 oír
oígannosles VIR03P0 oír
oígansenos VIR03P0 oír
oímos VIIP1P0 oír
oímos VIIP1P0 oír
oír VIN0000 oír
oírme VIN0000 oír
oírte VIN0000 oír
oírse VIN0000 oír
oírlo VIN0000 oír
oírla VIN0000 oír
oírlos VIN0000 oír
oírlas VIN0000 oír
oírle VIN0000 oír
oírles VIN0000 oír
oírnos VIN0000 oír
oírmelo VIN0000 oír
oírmela VIN0000 oír
oírmelos VIN0000 oír
oírmelas VIN0000 oír
oírmele VIN0000 oír
oírmeles VIN0000 oír
oírtelo VIN0000 oír
oírtela VIN0000 oír
oírtelos VIN0000 oír
oírtelas VIN0000 oír
oírtele VIN0000 oír
oírteles VIN0000 oír
oírselo VIN0000 oír
oírsela VIN0000 oír
oírselos VIN0000 oír
oírselas VIN0000 oír
oírsele VIN0000 oír
oírseles VIN0000 oír
oírnoslo VIN0000 oír
oírnosla VIN0000 oír
oírnoslos VIN0000 oír
oírnoslas VIN0000 oír
oírnosle VIN0000 oír
oírnosles VIN0000 oír
oírsenos VIN0000 oír
oíste VIIF2S0 oír
oísteis VIIF2P0 oír
