tuerces V0IP2S0 torcer
tuerce V0IP3S0 torcer
tuercen V0IP3P0 torcer
tuerzo V0IP1S0 torcer
tuerza V0SP1S0 torcer
tuerzas V0SP2S0 torcer
tuerza V0SP3S0 torcer
tuerzamos V0SP1P0 torcer
tuerzáis V0SP2P0 torcer
tuerzan V0SP3P0 torcer
tuerza V0R03S0 torcer
tuérzame V0R03S0 torcer
tuérzase V0R03S0 torcer
tuérzalo V0R03S0 torcer
tuérzala V0R03S0 torcer
tuérzalos V0R03S0 torcer
tuérzalas V0R03S0 torcer
tuérzale V0R03S0 torcer
tuérzales V0R03S0 torcer
tuérzanos V0R03S0 torcer
tuérzamelo V0R03S0 torcer
tuérzamela V0R03S0 torcer
tuérzamelos V0R03S0 torcer
tuérzamelas V0R03S0 torcer
tuérzamele V0R03S0 torcer
tuérzameles V0R03S0 torcer
tuérzaselo V0R03S0 torcer
tuérzasela V0R03S0 torcer
tuérzaselos V0R03S0 torcer
tuérzaselas V0R03S0 torcer
tuérzasele V0R03S0 torcer
tuérzaseles V0R03S0 torcer
tuérzanoslo V0R03S0 torcer
tuérzanosla V0R03S0 torcer
tuérzanoslos V0R03S0 torcer
tuérzanoslas V0R03S0 torcer
tuérzanosle V0R03S0 torcer
tuérzanosles V0R03S0 torcer
tuérzasenos V0R03S0 torcer
tuerzamos V0R01P0 torcer
tuerzámoslo V0R01P0 torcer
tuerzámosla V0R01P0 torcer
tuerzámoslos V0R01P0 torcer
tuerzámoslas V0R01P0 torcer
tuerzámosle V0R01P0 torcer
tuerzámosles V0R01P0 torcer
tuerzámonos V0R01P0 torcer
tuerzámosmelo V0R01P0 torcer
tuerzámosmela V0R01P0 torcer
tuerzámosmelos V0R01P0 torcer
tuerzámosmelas V0R01P0 torcer
tuerzámosmele V0R01P0 torcer
tuerzámosmeles V0R01P0 torcer
tuerzámostelo V0R01P0 torcer
tuerzámostela V0R01P0 torcer
tuerzámostelos V0R01P0 torcer
tuerzámostelas V0R01P0 torcer
tuerzámostele V0R01P0 torcer
tuerzámosteles V0R01P0 torcer
tuerzámosselo V0R01P0 torcer
tuerzámossela V0R01P0 torcer
tuerzámosselos V0R01P0 torcer
tuerzámosselas V0R01P0 torcer
tuerzámossele V0R01P0 torcer
tuerzámosseles V0R01P0 torcer
tuerzámonoslo V0R01P0 torcer
tuerzámonosla V0R01P0 torcer
tuerzámonoslos V0R01P0 torcer
tuerzámonoslas V0R01P0 torcer
tuerzámonosle V0R01P0 torcer
tuerzámonosles V0R01P0 torcer
tuerzámossenos V0R01P0 torcer
tuerzan V0R03P0 torcer
tuérzanme V0R03P0 torcer
tuérzanse V0R03P0 torcer
tuérzanlo V0R03P0 torcer
tuérzanla V0R03P0 torcer
tuérzanlos V0R03P0 torcer
tuérzanlas V0R03P0 torcer
tuérzanle V0R03P0 torcer
tuérzanles V0R03P0 torcer
tuérzannos V0R03P0 torcer
tuérzanmelo V0R03P0 torcer
tuérzanmela V0R03P0 torcer
tuérzanmelos V0R03P0 torcer
tuérzanmelas V0R03P0 torcer
tuérzanmele V0R03P0 torcer
tuérzanmeles V0R03P0 torcer
tuérzanselo V0R03P0 torcer
tuérzansela V0R03P0 torcer
tuérzanselos V0R03P0 torcer
tuérzanselas V0R03P0 torcer
tuérzansele V0R03P0 torcer
tuérzanseles V0R03P0 torcer
tuérzannoslo V0R03P0 torcer
tuérzannosla V0R03P0 torcer
tuérzannoslos V0R03P0 torcer
tuérzannoslas V0R03P0 torcer
tuérzannosle V0R03P0 torcer
tuérzannosles V0R03P0 torcer
tuérzansenos V0R03P0 torcer
tuesto V0IP1S0 tostar
tuestas V0IP2S0 tostar
tuesta V0IP3S0 tostar
tuestan V0IP3P0 tostar
tueste V0SP1S0 tostar
tuestes V0SP2S0 tostar
tueste V0SP3S0 tostar
tuesten V0SP3P0 tostar
tuesta V0R02S0 tostar
tuéstame V0R02S0 tostar
tuéstate V0R02S0 tostar
tuéstalo V0R02S0 tostar
tuéstala V0R02S0 tostar
tuéstalos V0R02S0 tostar
tuéstalas V0R02S0 tostar
tuéstale V0R02S0 tostar
tuéstales V0R02S0 tostar
tuéstanos V0R02S0 tostar
tuéstamelo V0R02S0 tostar
tuéstamela V0R02S0 tostar
tuéstamelos V0R02S0 tostar
tuéstamelas V0R02S0 tostar
tuéstamele V0R02S0 tostar
tuéstameles V0R02S0 tostar
tuéstatelo V0R02S0 tostar
tuéstatela V0R02S0 tostar
tuéstatelos V0R02S0 tostar
tuéstatelas V0R02S0 tostar
tuéstatele V0R02S0 tostar
tuéstateles V0R02S0 tostar
tuéstanoslo V0R02S0 tostar
tuéstanosla V0R02S0 tostar
tuéstanoslos V0R02S0 tostar
tuéstanoslas V0R02S0 tostar
tuéstanosle V0R02S0 tostar
tuéstanosles V0R02S0 tostar
tueste V0R03S0 tostar
tuésteme V0R03S0 tostar
tuéstese V0R03S0 tostar
tuéstelo V0R03S0 tostar
tuéstela V0R03S0 tostar
tuéstelos V0R03S0 tostar
tuéstelas V0R03S0 tostar
tuéstele V0R03S0 tostar
tuésteles V0R03S0 tostar
tuéstenos V0R03S0 tostar
tuéstemelo V0R03S0 tostar
tuéstemela V0R03S0 tostar
tuéstemelos V0R03S0 tostar
tuéstemelas V0R03S0 tostar
tuéstemele V0R03S0 tostar
tuéstemeles V0R03S0 tostar
tuésteselo V0R03S0 tostar
tuéstesela V0R03S0 tostar
tuésteselos V0R03S0 tostar
tuésteselas V0R03S0 tostar
tuéstesele V0R03S0 tostar
tuésteseles V0R03S0 tostar
tuéstenoslo V0R03S0 tostar
tuéstenosla V0R03S0 tostar
tuéstenoslos V0R03S0 tostar
tuéstenoslas V0R03S0 tostar
tuéstenosle V0R03S0 tostar
tuéstenosles V0R03S0 tostar
tuéstesenos V0R03S0 tostar
tuesten V0R03P0 tostar
tuéstenme V0R03P0 tostar
tuéstense V0R03P0 tostar
tuéstenlo V0R03P0 tostar
tuéstenla V0R03P0 tostar
tuéstenlos V0R03P0 tostar
tuéstenlas V0R03P0 tostar
tuéstenle V0R03P0 tostar
tuéstenles V0R03P0 tostar
tuéstennos V0R03P0 tostar
tuéstenmelo V0R03P0 tostar
tuéstenmela V0R03P0 tostar
tuéstenmelos V0R03P0 tostar
tuéstenmelas V0R03P0 tostar
tuéstenmele V0R03P0 tostar
tuéstenmeles V0R03P0 tostar
tuéstenselo V0R03P0 tostar
tuéstensela V0R03P0 tostar
tuéstenselos V0R03P0 tostar
tuéstenselas V0R03P0 tostar
tuéstensele V0R03P0 tostar
tuéstenseles V0R03P0 tostar
tuéstennoslo V0R03P0 tostar
tuéstennosla V0R03P0 tostar
tuéstennoslos V0R03P0 tostar
tuéstennoslas V0R03P0 tostar
tuéstennosle V0R03P0 tostar
tuéstennosles V0R03P0 tostar
tuéstensenos V0R03P0 tostar
tullo V0IP1S0 tullir
tulles V0IP2S0 tullir
tulle V0IP3S0 tullir
tullimos V0IP1P0 tullir
tullís V0IP2P0 tullir
tullen V0IP3P0 tullir
tullía V0II1S0 tullir
tullías V0II2S0 tullir
tullía V0II3S0 tullir
tullíamos V0II1P0 tullir
tullíais V0II2P0 tullir
tullían V0II3P0 tullir
tullí V0IS1S0 tullir
tulliste V0IS2S0 tullir
tulló V0IS3S0 tullir
tullimos V0IS1P0 tullir
tullisteis V0IS2P0 tullir
tulleron V0IS3P0 tullir
tulliré V0IF1S0 tullir
tullirás V0IF2S0 tullir
tullirá V0IF3S0 tullir
tulliremos V0IF1P0 tullir
tulliréis V0IF2P0 tullir
tullirán V0IF3P0 tullir
tulliría V0C01S0 tullir
tullirías V0C02S0 tullir
tulliría V0C03S0 tullir
tulliríamos V0C01P0 tullir
tulliríais V0C02P0 tullir
tullirían V0C03P0 tullir
tulla V0SP1S0 tullir
tullas V0SP2S0 tullir
tulla V0SP3S0 tullir
tullamos V0SP1P0 tullir
tulláis V0SP2P0 tullir
tullan V0SP3P0 tullir
tullera V0SI1S0 tullir
tullese V0SI1S0 tullir
tulleras V0SI2S0 tullir
tulleses V0SI2S0 tullir
tullera V0SI3S0 tullir
tullese V0SI3S0 tullir
tulléramos V0SI1P0 tullir
tullésemos V0SI1P0 tullir
tullerais V0SI2P0 tullir
tulleseis V0SI2P0 tullir
tulleran V0SI3P0 tullir
tullesen V0SI3P0 tullir
tullere V0SF1S0 tullir
tulleres V0SF2S0 tullir
tullere V0SF3S0 tullir
tulléremos V0SF1P0 tullir
tullereis V0SF2P0 tullir
tulleren V0SF3P0 tullir
tulle V0R02S0 tullir
tulla V0R03S0 tullir
tullamos V0R01P0 tullir
tullámoslo V0R01P0 tullir
tullámosla V0R01P0 tullir
tullámoslos V0R01P0 tullir
tullámoslas V0R01P0 tullir
tullámosle V0R01P0 tullir
tullámosles V0R01P0 tullir
tullámonos V0R01P0 tullir
tullámosmelo V0R01P0 tullir
tullámosmela V0R01P0 tullir
tullámosmelos V0R01P0 tullir
tullámosmelas V0R01P0 tullir
tullámosmele V0R01P0 tullir
tullámosmeles V0R01P0 tullir
tullámostelo V0R01P0 tullir
tullámostela V0R01P0 tullir
tullámostelos V0R01P0 tullir
tullámostelas V0R01P0 tullir
tullámostele V0R01P0 tullir
tullámosteles V0R01P0 tullir
tullámosselo V0R01P0 tullir
tullámossela V0R01P0 tullir
tullámosselos V0R01P0 tullir
tullámosselas V0R01P0 tullir
tullámossele V0R01P0 tullir
tullámosseles V0R01P0 tullir
tullámonoslo V0R01P0 tullir
tullámonosla V0R01P0 tullir
tullámonoslos V0R01P0 tullir
tullámonoslas V0R01P0 tullir
tullámonosle V0R01P0 tullir
tullámonosles V0R01P0 tullir
tullámossenos V0R01P0 tullir
tullid V0R02P0 tullir
tullidme V0R02P0 tullir
tullidse V0R02P0 tullir
tullidlo V0R02P0 tullir
tullidla V0R02P0 tullir
tullidlos V0R02P0 tullir
tullidlas V0R02P0 tullir
tullidle V0R02P0 tullir
tullidles V0R02P0 tullir
tullidnos V0R02P0 tullir
tullídmelo V0R02P0 tullir
tullídmela V0R02P0 tullir
tullídmelos V0R02P0 tullir
tullídmelas V0R02P0 tullir
tullídmele V0R02P0 tullir
tullídmeles V0R02P0 tullir
tullídselo V0R02P0 tullir
tullídsela V0R02P0 tullir
tullídselos V0R02P0 tullir
tullídselas V0R02P0 tullir
tullídsele V0R02P0 tullir
tullídseles V0R02P0 tullir
tullídnoslo V0R02P0 tullir
tullídnosla V0R02P0 tullir
tullídnoslos V0R02P0 tullir
tullídnoslas V0R02P0 tullir
tullídnosle V0R02P0 tullir
tullídnosles V0R02P0 tullir
tullídsenos V0R02P0 tullir
tullan V0R03P0 tullir
tullir V0N0000 tullir
tullirme V0N0000 tullir
tullirte V0N0000 tullir
tullirse V0N0000 tullir
tullirlo V0N0000 tullir
tullirla V0N0000 tullir
tullirlos V0N0000 tullir
tullirlas V0N0000 tullir
tullirle V0N0000 tullir
tullirles V0N0000 tullir
tullirnos V0N0000 tullir
tullírmelo V0N0000 tullir
tullírmela V0N0000 tullir
tullírmelos V0N0000 tullir
tullírmelas V0N0000 tullir
tullírmele V0N0000 tullir
tullírmeles V0N0000 tullir
tullírtelo V0N0000 tullir
tullírtela V0N0000 tullir
tullírtelos V0N0000 tullir
tullírtelas V0N0000 tullir
tullírtele V0N0000 tullir
tullírteles V0N0000 tullir
tullírselo V0N0000 tullir
tullírsela V0N0000 tullir
tullírselos V0N0000 tullir
tullírselas V0N0000 tullir
tullírsele V0N0000 tullir
tullírseles V0N0000 tullir
tullírnoslo V0N0000 tullir
tullírnosla V0N0000 tullir
tullírnoslos V0N0000 tullir
tullírnoslas V0N0000 tullir
tullírnosle V0N0000 tullir
tullírnosles V0N0000 tullir
tullírsenos V0N0000 tullir
tullendo V0G0000 tullir
tulléndome V0G0000 tullir
tulléndote V0G0000 tullir
tulléndose V0G0000 tullir
tulléndolo V0G0000 tullir
tulléndola V0G0000 tullir
tulléndolos V0G0000 tullir
tulléndolas V0G0000 tullir
tulléndole V0G0000 tullir
tulléndoles V0G0000 tullir
tulléndonos V0G0000 tullir
tulléndomelo V0G0000 tullir
tulléndomela V0G0000 tullir
tulléndomelos V0G0000 tullir
tulléndomelas V0G0000 tullir
tulléndomele V0G0000 tullir
tulléndomeles V0G0000 tullir
tulléndotelo V0G0000 tullir
tulléndotela V0G0000 tullir
tulléndotelos V0G0000 tullir
tulléndotelas V0G0000 tullir
tulléndotele V0G0000 tullir
tulléndoteles V0G0000 tullir
tulléndoselo V0G0000 tullir
tulléndosela V0G0000 tullir
tulléndoselos V0G0000 tullir
tulléndoselas V0G0000 tullir
tulléndosele V0G0000 tullir
tulléndoseles V0G0000 tullir
tulléndonoslo V0G0000 tullir
tulléndonosla V0G0000 tullir
tulléndonoslos V0G0000 tullir
tulléndonoslas V0G0000 tullir
tulléndonosle V0G0000 tullir
tulléndonosles V0G0000 tullir
tulléndosenos V0G0000 tullir
tullido V0P00SM tullir
tullida V0P00SF tullir
tullidos V0P00PM tullir
tullidas V0P00PF tullir
tumbo V0IP1S0 tumbar
tumbas V0IP2S0 tumbar
tumba V0IP3S0 tumbar
tumbamos V0IP1P0 tumbar
tumbáis V0IP2P0 tumbar
tumban V0IP3P0 tumbar
tumbaba V0II1S0 tumbar
tumbabas V0II2S0 tumbar
tumbaba V0II3S0 tumbar
tumbábamos V0II1P0 tumbar
tumbabais V0II2P0 tumbar
tumbaban V0II3P0 tumbar
tumbé V0IS1S0 tumbar
tumbaste V0IS2S0 tumbar
tumbó V0IS3S0 tumbar
tumbamos V0IS1P0 tumbar
tumbasteis V0IS2P0 tumbar
tumbaron V0IS3P0 tumbar
tumbaré V0IF1S0 tumbar
tumbarás V0IF2S0 tumbar
tumbará V0IF3S0 tumbar
tumbaremos V0IF1P0 tumbar
tumbaréis V0IF2P0 tumbar
tumbarán V0IF3P0 tumbar
tumbaría V0C01S0 tumbar
tumbarías V0C02S0 tumbar
tumbaría V0C03S0 tumbar
tumbaríamos V0C01P0 tumbar
tumbaríais V0C02P0 tumbar
tumbarían V0C03P0 tumbar
tumbe V0SP1S0 tumbar
tumbes V0SP2S0 tumbar
tumbe V0SP3S0 tumbar
tumbemos V0SP1P0 tumbar
tumbéis V0SP2P0 tumbar
tumben V0SP3P0 tumbar
tumbara V0SI1S0 tumbar
tumbase V0SI1S0 tumbar
tumbaras V0SI2S0 tumbar
tumbases V0SI2S0 tumbar
tumbara V0SI3S0 tumbar
tumbase V0SI3S0 tumbar
tumbáramos V0SI1P0 tumbar
tumbásemos V0SI1P0 tumbar
tumbarais V0SI2P0 tumbar
tumbaseis V0SI2P0 tumbar
tumbaran V0SI3P0 tumbar
tumbasen V0SI3P0 tumbar
tumbare V0SF1S0 tumbar
tumbares V0SF2S0 tumbar
tumbare V0SF3S0 tumbar
tumbáremos V0SF1P0 tumbar
tumbareis V0SF2P0 tumbar
tumbaren V0SF3P0 tumbar
tumba V0R02S0 tumbar
tumbe V0R03S0 tumbar
tumbemos V0R01P0 tumbar
tumbémoslo V0R01P0 tumbar
tumbémosla V0R01P0 tumbar
tumbémoslos V0R01P0 tumbar
tumbémoslas V0R01P0 tumbar
tumbémosle V0R01P0 tumbar
tumbémosles V0R01P0 tumbar
tumbémonos V0R01P0 tumbar
tumbémosmelo V0R01P0 tumbar
tumbémosmela V0R01P0 tumbar
tumbémosmelos V0R01P0 tumbar
tumbémosmelas V0R01P0 tumbar
tumbémosmele V0R01P0 tumbar
tumbémosmeles V0R01P0 tumbar
tumbémostelo V0R01P0 tumbar
tumbémostela V0R01P0 tumbar
tumbémostelos V0R01P0 tumbar
tumbémostelas V0R01P0 tumbar
tumbémostele V0R01P0 tumbar
tumbémosteles V0R01P0 tumbar
tumbémosselo V0R01P0 tumbar
tumbémossela V0R01P0 tumbar
tumbémosselos V0R01P0 tumbar
tumbémosselas V0R01P0 tumbar
tumbémossele V0R01P0 tumbar
tumbémosseles V0R01P0 tumbar
tumbémonoslo V0R01P0 tumbar
tumbémonosla V0R01P0 tumbar
tumbémonoslos V0R01P0 tumbar
tumbémonoslas V0R01P0 tumbar
tumbémonosle V0R01P0 tumbar
tumbémonosles V0R01P0 tumbar
tumbémossenos V0R01P0 tumbar
tumbad V0R02P0 tumbar
tumbadme V0R02P0 tumbar
tumbadse V0R02P0 tumbar
tumbadlo V0R02P0 tumbar
tumbadla V0R02P0 tumbar
tumbadlos V0R02P0 tumbar
tumbadlas V0R02P0 tumbar
tumbadle V0R02P0 tumbar
tumbadles V0R02P0 tumbar
tumbadnos V0R02P0 tumbar
tumbádmelo V0R02P0 tumbar
tumbádmela V0R02P0 tumbar
tumbádmelos V0R02P0 tumbar
tumbádmelas V0R02P0 tumbar
tumbádmele V0R02P0 tumbar
tumbádmeles V0R02P0 tumbar
tumbádselo V0R02P0 tumbar
tumbádsela V0R02P0 tumbar
tumbádselos V0R02P0 tumbar
tumbádselas V0R02P0 tumbar
tumbádsele V0R02P0 tumbar
tumbádseles V0R02P0 tumbar
tumbádnoslo V0R02P0 tumbar
tumbádnosla V0R02P0 tumbar
tumbádnoslos V0R02P0 tumbar
tumbádnoslas V0R02P0 tumbar
tumbádnosle V0R02P0 tumbar
tumbádnosles V0R02P0 tumbar
tumbádsenos V0R02P0 tumbar
tumben V0R03P0 tumbar
tumbar V0N0000 tumbar
tumbarme V0N0000 tumbar
tumbarte V0N0000 tumbar
tumbarse V0N0000 tumbar
tumbarlo V0N0000 tumbar
tumbarla V0N0000 tumbar
tumbarlos V0N0000 tumbar
tumbarlas V0N0000 tumbar
tumbarle V0N0000 tumbar
tumbarles V0N0000 tumbar
tumbarnos V0N0000 tumbar
tumbármelo V0N0000 tumbar
tumbármela V0N0000 tumbar
tumbármelos V0N0000 tumbar
tumbármelas V0N0000 tumbar
tumbármele V0N0000 tumbar
tumbármeles V0N0000 tumbar
tumbártelo V0N0000 tumbar
tumbártela V0N0000 tumbar
tumbártelos V0N0000 tumbar
tumbártelas V0N0000 tumbar
tumbártele V0N0000 tumbar
tumbárteles V0N0000 tumbar
tumbárselo V0N0000 tumbar
tumbársela V0N0000 tumbar
tumbárselos V0N0000 tumbar
tumbárselas V0N0000 tumbar
tumbársele V0N0000 tumbar
tumbárseles V0N0000 tumbar
tumbárnoslo V0N0000 tumbar
tumbárnosla V0N0000 tumbar
tumbárnoslos V0N0000 tumbar
tumbárnoslas V0N0000 tumbar
tumbárnosle V0N0000 tumbar
tumbárnosles V0N0000 tumbar
tumbársenos V0N0000 tumbar
tumbando V0G0000 tumbar
tumbándome V0G0000 tumbar
tumbándote V0G0000 tumbar
tumbándose V0G0000 tumbar
tumbándolo V0G0000 tumbar
tumbándola V0G0000 tumbar
tumbándolos V0G0000 tumbar
tumbándolas V0G0000 tumbar
tumbándole V0G0000 tumbar
tumbándoles V0G0000 tumbar
tumbándonos V0G0000 tumbar
tumbándomelo V0G0000 tumbar
tumbándomela V0G0000 tumbar
tumbándomelos V0G0000 tumbar
tumbándomelas V0G0000 tumbar
tumbándomele V0G0000 tumbar
tumbándomeles V0G0000 tumbar
tumbándotelo V0G0000 tumbar
tumbándotela V0G0000 tumbar
tumbándotelos V0G0000 tumbar
tumbándotelas V0G0000 tumbar
tumbándotele V0G0000 tumbar
tumbándoteles V0G0000 tumbar
tumbándoselo V0G0000 tumbar
tumbándosela V0G0000 tumbar
tumbándoselos V0G0000 tumbar
tumbándoselas V0G0000 tumbar
tumbándosele V0G0000 tumbar
tumbándoseles V0G0000 tumbar
tumbándonoslo V0G0000 tumbar
tumbándonosla V0G0000 tumbar
tumbándonoslos V0G0000 tumbar
tumbándonoslas V0G0000 tumbar
tumbándonosle V0G0000 tumbar
tumbándonosles V0G0000 tumbar
tumbándosenos V0G0000 tumbar
tumbado V0P00SM tumbar
tumbada V0P00SF tumbar
tumbados V0P00PM tumbar
tumbadas V0P00PF tumbar
turbo V0IP1S0 turbar
turbas V0IP2S0 turbar
turba V0IP3S0 turbar
turbamos V0IP1P0 turbar
turbáis V0IP2P0 turbar
turban V0IP3P0 turbar
turbaba V0II1S0 turbar
turbabas V0II2S0 turbar
turbaba V0II3S0 turbar
turbábamos V0II1P0 turbar
turbabais V0II2P0 turbar
turbaban V0II3P0 turbar
turbé V0IS1S0 turbar
turbaste V0IS2S0 turbar
turbó V0IS3S0 turbar
turbamos V0IS1P0 turbar
turbasteis V0IS2P0 turbar
turbaron V0IS3P0 turbar
turbaré V0IF1S0 turbar
turbarás V0IF2S0 turbar
turbará V0IF3S0 turbar
turbaremos V0IF1P0 turbar
turbaréis V0IF2P0 turbar
turbarán V0IF3P0 turbar
turbaría V0C01S0 turbar
turbarías V0C02S0 turbar
turbaría V0C03S0 turbar
turbaríamos V0C01P0 turbar
turbaríais V0C02P0 turbar
turbarían V0C03P0 turbar
turbe V0SP1S0 turbar
turbes V0SP2S0 turbar
turbe V0SP3S0 turbar
turbemos V0SP1P0 turbar
turbéis V0SP2P0 turbar
turben V0SP3P0 turbar
turbara V0SI1S0 turbar
turbase V0SI1S0 turbar
turbaras V0SI2S0 turbar
turbases V0SI2S0 turbar
turbara V0SI3S0 turbar
turbase V0SI3S0 turbar
turbáramos V0SI1P0 turbar
turbásemos V0SI1P0 turbar
turbarais V0SI2P0 turbar
turbaseis V0SI2P0 turbar
turbaran V0SI3P0 turbar
turbasen V0SI3P0 turbar
turbare V0SF1S0 turbar
turbares V0SF2S0 turbar
turbare V0SF3S0 turbar
turbáremos V0SF1P0 turbar
turbareis V0SF2P0 turbar
turbaren V0SF3P0 turbar
turba V0R02S0 turbar
turbe V0R03S0 turbar
turbemos V0R01P0 turbar
turbémoslo V0R01P0 turbar
turbémosla V0R01P0 turbar
turbémoslos V0R01P0 turbar
turbémoslas V0R01P0 turbar
turbémosle V0R01P0 turbar
turbémosles V0R01P0 turbar
turbémonos V0R01P0 turbar
turbémosmelo V0R01P0 turbar
turbémosmela V0R01P0 turbar
turbémosmelos V0R01P0 turbar
turbémosmelas V0R01P0 turbar
turbémosmele V0R01P0 turbar
turbémosmeles V0R01P0 turbar
turbémostelo V0R01P0 turbar
turbémostela V0R01P0 turbar
turbémostelos V0R01P0 turbar
turbémostelas V0R01P0 turbar
turbémostele V0R01P0 turbar
turbémosteles V0R01P0 turbar
turbémosselo V0R01P0 turbar
turbémossela V0R01P0 turbar
turbémosselos V0R01P0 turbar
turbémosselas V0R01P0 turbar
turbémossele V0R01P0 turbar
turbémosseles V0R01P0 turbar
turbémonoslo V0R01P0 turbar
turbémonosla V0R01P0 turbar
turbémonoslos V0R01P0 turbar
turbémonoslas V0R01P0 turbar
turbémonosle V0R01P0 turbar
turbémonosles V0R01P0 turbar
turbémossenos V0R01P0 turbar
turbad V0R02P0 turbar
turbadme V0R02P0 turbar
turbadse V0R02P0 turbar
turbadlo V0R02P0 turbar
turbadla V0R02P0 turbar
turbadlos V0R02P0 turbar
turbadlas V0R02P0 turbar
turbadle V0R02P0 turbar
turbadles V0R02P0 turbar
turbadnos V0R02P0 turbar
turbádmelo V0R02P0 turbar
turbádmela V0R02P0 turbar
turbádmelos V0R02P0 turbar
turbádmelas V0R02P0 turbar
turbádmele V0R02P0 turbar
turbádmeles V0R02P0 turbar
turbádselo V0R02P0 turbar
turbádsela V0R02P0 turbar
turbádselos V0R02P0 turbar
turbádselas V0R02P0 turbar
turbádsele V0R02P0 turbar
turbádseles V0R02P0 turbar
turbádnoslo V0R02P0 turbar
turbádnosla V0R02P0 turbar
turbádnoslos V0R02P0 turbar
turbádnoslas V0R02P0 turbar
turbádnosle V0R02P0 turbar
turbádnosles V0R02P0 turbar
turbádsenos V0R02P0 turbar
turben V0R03P0 turbar
turbar V0N0000 turbar
turbarme V0N0000 turbar
turbarte V0N0000 turbar
turbarse V0N0000 turbar
turbarlo V0N0000 turbar
turbarla V0N0000 turbar
turbarlos V0N0000 turbar
turbarlas V0N0000 turbar
turbarle V0N0000 turbar
turbarles V0N0000 turbar
turbarnos V0N0000 turbar
turbármelo V0N0000 turbar
turbármela V0N0000 turbar
turbármelos V0N0000 turbar
turbármelas V0N0000 turbar
turbármele V0N0000 turbar
turbármeles V0N0000 turbar
turbártelo V0N0000 turbar
turbártela V0N0000 turbar
turbártelos V0N0000 turbar
turbártelas V0N0000 turbar
turbártele V0N0000 turbar
turbárteles V0N0000 turbar
turbárselo V0N0000 turbar
turbársela V0N0000 turbar
turbárselos V0N0000 turbar
turbárselas V0N0000 turbar
turbársele V0N0000 turbar
turbárseles V0N0000 turbar
turbárnoslo V0N0000 turbar
turbárnosla V0N0000 turbar
turbárnoslos V0N0000 turbar
turbárnoslas V0N0000 turbar
turbárnosle V0N0000 turbar
turbárnosles V0N0000 turbar
turbársenos V0N0000 turbar
turbando V0G0000 turbar
turbándome V0G0000 turbar
turbándote V0G0000 turbar
turbándose V0G0000 turbar
turbándolo V0G0000 turbar
turbándola V0G0000 turbar
turbándolos V0G0000 turbar
turbándolas V0G0000 turbar
turbándole V0G0000 turbar
turbándoles V0G0000 turbar
turbándonos V0G0000 turbar
turbándomelo V0G0000 turbar
turbándomela V0G0000 turbar
turbándomelos V0G0000 turbar
turbándomelas V0G0000 turbar
turbándomele V0G0000 turbar
turbándomeles V0G0000 turbar
turbándotelo V0G0000 turbar
turbándotela V0G0000 turbar
turbándotelos V0G0000 turbar
turbándotelas V0G0000 turbar
turbándotele V0G0000 turbar
turbándoteles V0G0000 turbar
turbándoselo V0G0000 turbar
turbándosela V0G0000 turbar
turbándoselos V0G0000 turbar
turbándoselas V0G0000 turbar
turbándosele V0G0000 turbar
turbándoseles V0G0000 turbar
turbándonoslo V0G0000 turbar
turbándonosla V0G0000 turbar
turbándonoslos V0G0000 turbar
turbándonoslas V0G0000 turbar
turbándonosle V0G0000 turbar
turbándonosles V0G0000 turbar
turbándosenos V0G0000 turbar
turbado V0P00SM turbar
turbada V0P00SF turbar
turbados V0P00PM turbar
turbadas V0P00PF turbar
turno V0IP1S0 turnar
turnas V0IP2S0 turnar
turna V0IP3S0 turnar
turnamos V0IP1P0 turnar
turnáis V0IP2P0 turnar
turnan V0IP3P0 turnar
turnaba V0II1S0 turnar
turnabas V0II2S0 turnar
turnaba V0II3S0 turnar
turnábamos V0II1P0 turnar
turnabais V0II2P0 turnar
turnaban V0II3P0 turnar
turné V0IS1S0 turnar
turnaste V0IS2S0 turnar
turnó V0IS3S0 turnar
turnamos V0IS1P0 turnar
turnasteis V0IS2P0 turnar
turnaron V0IS3P0 turnar
turnaré V0IF1S0 turnar
turnarás V0IF2S0 turnar
turnará V0IF3S0 turnar
turnaremos V0IF1P0 turnar
turnaréis V0IF2P0 turnar
turnarán V0IF3P0 turnar
turnaría V0C01S0 turnar
turnarías V0C02S0 turnar
turnaría V0C03S0 turnar
turnaríamos V0C01P0 turnar
turnaríais V0C02P0 turnar
turnarían V0C03P0 turnar
turne V0SP1S0 turnar
turnes V0SP2S0 turnar
turne V0SP3S0 turnar
turnemos V0SP1P0 turnar
turnéis V0SP2P0 turnar
turnen V0SP3P0 turnar
turnara V0SI1S0 turnar
turnase V0SI1S0 turnar
turnaras V0SI2S0 turnar
turnases V0SI2S0 turnar
turnara V0SI3S0 turnar
turnase V0SI3S0 turnar
turnáramos V0SI1P0 turnar
turnásemos V0SI1P0 turnar
turnarais V0SI2P0 turnar
turnaseis V0SI2P0 turnar
turnaran V0SI3P0 turnar
turnasen V0SI3P0 turnar
turnare V0SF1S0 turnar
turnares V0SF2S0 turnar
turnare V0SF3S0 turnar
turnáremos V0SF1P0 turnar
turnareis V0SF2P0 turnar
turnaren V0SF3P0 turnar
turna V0R02S0 turnar
turne V0R03S0 turnar
turnemos V0R01P0 turnar
turnémoslo V0R01P0 turnar
turnémosla V0R01P0 turnar
turnémoslos V0R01P0 turnar
turnémoslas V0R01P0 turnar
turnémosle V0R01P0 turnar
turnémosles V0R01P0 turnar
turnémonos V0R01P0 turnar
turnémosmelo V0R01P0 turnar
turnémosmela V0R01P0 turnar
turnémosmelos V0R01P0 turnar
turnémosmelas V0R01P0 turnar
turnémosmele V0R01P0 turnar
turnémosmeles V0R01P0 turnar
turnémostelo V0R01P0 turnar
turnémostela V0R01P0 turnar
turnémostelos V0R01P0 turnar
turnémostelas V0R01P0 turnar
turnémostele V0R01P0 turnar
turnémosteles V0R01P0 turnar
turnémosselo V0R01P0 turnar
turnémossela V0R01P0 turnar
turnémosselos V0R01P0 turnar
turnémosselas V0R01P0 turnar
turnémossele V0R01P0 turnar
turnémosseles V0R01P0 turnar
turnémonoslo V0R01P0 turnar
turnémonosla V0R01P0 turnar
turnémonoslos V0R01P0 turnar
turnémonoslas V0R01P0 turnar
turnémonosle V0R01P0 turnar
turnémonosles V0R01P0 turnar
turnémossenos V0R01P0 turnar
turnad V0R02P0 turnar
turnadme V0R02P0 turnar
turnadse V0R02P0 turnar
turnadlo V0R02P0 turnar
turnadla V0R02P0 turnar
turnadlos V0R02P0 turnar
turnadlas V0R02P0 turnar
turnadle V0R02P0 turnar
turnadles V0R02P0 turnar
turnadnos V0R02P0 turnar
turnádmelo V0R02P0 turnar
turnádmela V0R02P0 turnar
turnádmelos V0R02P0 turnar
turnádmelas V0R02P0 turnar
turnádmele V0R02P0 turnar
turnádmeles V0R02P0 turnar
turnádselo V0R02P0 turnar
turnádsela V0R02P0 turnar
turnádselos V0R02P0 turnar
turnádselas V0R02P0 turnar
turnádsele V0R02P0 turnar
turnádseles V0R02P0 turnar
turnádnoslo V0R02P0 turnar
turnádnosla V0R02P0 turnar
turnádnoslos V0R02P0 turnar
turnádnoslas V0R02P0 turnar
turnádnosle V0R02P0 turnar
turnádnosles V0R02P0 turnar
turnádsenos V0R02P0 turnar
turnen V0R03P0 turnar
turnar V0N0000 turnar
turnarme V0N0000 turnar
turnarte V0N0000 turnar
turnarse V0N0000 turnar
turnarlo V0N0000 turnar
turnarla V0N0000 turnar
turnarlos V0N0000 turnar
turnarlas V0N0000 turnar
turnarle V0N0000 turnar
turnarles V0N0000 turnar
turnarnos V0N0000 turnar
turnármelo V0N0000 turnar
turnármela V0N0000 turnar
turnármelos V0N0000 turnar
turnármelas V0N0000 turnar
turnármele V0N0000 turnar
turnármeles V0N0000 turnar
turnártelo V0N0000 turnar
turnártela V0N0000 turnar
turnártelos V0N0000 turnar
turnártelas V0N0000 turnar
turnártele V0N0000 turnar
turnárteles V0N0000 turnar
turnárselo V0N0000 turnar
turnársela V0N0000 turnar
turnárselos V0N0000 turnar
turnárselas V0N0000 turnar
turnársele V0N0000 turnar
turnárseles V0N0000 turnar
turnárnoslo V0N0000 turnar
turnárnosla V0N0000 turnar
turnárnoslos V0N0000 turnar
turnárnoslas V0N0000 turnar
turnárnosle V0N0000 turnar
turnárnosles V0N0000 turnar
turnársenos V0N0000 turnar
turnando V0G0000 turnar
turnándome V0G0000 turnar
turnándote V0G0000 turnar
turnándose V0G0000 turnar
turnándolo V0G0000 turnar
turnándola V0G0000 turnar
turnándolos V0G0000 turnar
turnándolas V0G0000 turnar
turnándole V0G0000 turnar
turnándoles V0G0000 turnar
turnándonos V0G0000 turnar
turnándomelo V0G0000 turnar
turnándomela V0G0000 turnar
turnándomelos V0G0000 turnar
turnándomelas V0G0000 turnar
turnándomele V0G0000 turnar
turnándomeles V0G0000 turnar
turnándotelo V0G0000 turnar
turnándotela V0G0000 turnar
turnándotelos V0G0000 turnar
turnándotelas V0G0000 turnar
turnándotele V0G0000 turnar
turnándoteles V0G0000 turnar
turnándoselo V0G0000 turnar
turnándosela V0G0000 turnar
turnándoselos V0G0000 turnar
turnándoselas V0G0000 turnar
turnándosele V0G0000 turnar
turnándoseles V0G0000 turnar
turnándonoslo V0G0000 turnar
turnándonosla V0G0000 turnar
turnándonoslos V0G0000 turnar
turnándonoslas V0G0000 turnar
turnándonosle V0G0000 turnar
turnándonosles V0G0000 turnar
turnándosenos V0G0000 turnar
turnado V0P00SM turnar
turnada V0P00SF turnar
turnados V0P00PM turnar
turnadas V0P00PF turnar
tuteo V0IP1S0 tutear
tuteas V0IP2S0 tutear
tutea V0IP3S0 tutear
tuteamos V0IP1P0 tutear
tuteáis V0IP2P0 tutear
tutean V0IP3P0 tutear
tuteaba V0II1S0 tutear
tuteabas V0II2S0 tutear
tuteaba V0II3S0 tutear
tuteábamos V0II1P0 tutear
tuteabais V0II2P0 tutear
tuteaban V0II3P0 tutear
tuteé V0IS1S0 tutear
tuteaste V0IS2S0 tutear
tuteó V0IS3S0 tutear
tuteamos V0IS1P0 tutear
tuteasteis V0IS2P0 tutear
tutearon V0IS3P0 tutear
tutearé V0IF1S0 tutear
tutearás V0IF2S0 tutear
tuteará V0IF3S0 tutear
tutearemos V0IF1P0 tutear
tutearéis V0IF2P0 tutear
tutearán V0IF3P0 tutear
tutearía V0C01S0 tutear
tutearías V0C02S0 tutear
tutearía V0C03S0 tutear
tutearíamos V0C01P0 tutear
tutearíais V0C02P0 tutear
tutearían V0C03P0 tutear
tutee V0SP1S0 tutear
tutees V0SP2S0 tutear
tutee V0SP3S0 tutear
tuteemos V0SP1P0 tutear
tuteéis V0SP2P0 tutear
tuteen V0SP3P0 tutear
tuteara V0SI1S0 tutear
tutease V0SI1S0 tutear
tutearas V0SI2S0 tutear
tuteases V0SI2S0 tutear
tuteara V0SI3S0 tutear
tutease V0SI3S0 tutear
tuteáramos V0SI1P0 tutear
tuteásemos V0SI1P0 tutear
tutearais V0SI2P0 tutear
tuteaseis V0SI2P0 tutear
tutearan V0SI3P0 tutear
tuteasen V0SI3P0 tutear
tuteare V0SF1S0 tutear
tuteares V0SF2S0 tutear
tuteare V0SF3S0 tutear
tuteáremos V0SF1P0 tutear
tuteareis V0SF2P0 tutear
tutearen V0SF3P0 tutear
tutea V0R02S0 tutear
tutéame V0R02S0 tutear
tutéate V0R02S0 tutear
tutéalo V0R02S0 tutear
tutéala V0R02S0 tutear
tutéalos V0R02S0 tutear
tutéalas V0R02S0 tutear
tutéale V0R02S0 tutear
tutéales V0R02S0 tutear
tutéanos V0R02S0 tutear
tutéamelo V0R02S0 tutear
tutéamela V0R02S0 tutear
tutéamelos V0R02S0 tutear
tutéamelas V0R02S0 tutear
tutéamele V0R02S0 tutear
tutéameles V0R02S0 tutear
tutéatelo V0R02S0 tutear
tutéatela V0R02S0 tutear
tutéatelos V0R02S0 tutear
tutéatelas V0R02S0 tutear
tutéatele V0R02S0 tutear
tutéateles V0R02S0 tutear
tutéanoslo V0R02S0 tutear
tutéanosla V0R02S0 tutear
tutéanoslos V0R02S0 tutear
tutéanoslas V0R02S0 tutear
tutéanosle V0R02S0 tutear
tutéanosles V0R02S0 tutear
tutee V0R03S0 tutear
tutéeme V0R03S0 tutear
tutéese V0R03S0 tutear
tutéelo V0R03S0 tutear
tutéela V0R03S0 tutear
tutéelos V0R03S0 tutear
tutéelas V0R03S0 tutear
tutéele V0R03S0 tutear
tutéeles V0R03S0 tutear
tutéenos V0R03S0 tutear
tutéemelo V0R03S0 tutear
tutéemela V0R03S0 tutear
tutéemelos V0R03S0 tutear
tutéemelas V0R03S0 tutear
tutéemele V0R03S0 tutear
tutéemeles V0R03S0 tutear
tutéeselo V0R03S0 tutear
tutéesela V0R03S0 tutear
tutéeselos V0R03S0 tutear
tutéeselas V0R03S0 tutear
tutéesele V0R03S0 tutear
tutéeseles V0R03S0 tutear
tutéenoslo V0R03S0 tutear
tutéenosla V0R03S0 tutear
tutéenoslos V0R03S0 tutear
tutéenoslas V0R03S0 tutear
tutéenosle V0R03S0 tutear
tutéenosles V0R03S0 tutear
tutéesenos V0R03S0 tutear
tuteemos V0R01P0 tutear
tuteémoslo V0R01P0 tutear
tuteémosla V0R01P0 tutear
tuteémoslos V0R01P0 tutear
tuteémoslas V0R01P0 tutear
tuteémosle V0R01P0 tutear
tuteémosles V0R01P0 tutear
tuteémonos V0R01P0 tutear
tuteémosmelo V0R01P0 tutear
tuteémosmela V0R01P0 tutear
tuteémosmelos V0R01P0 tutear
tuteémosmelas V0R01P0 tutear
tuteémosmele V0R01P0 tutear
tuteémosmeles V0R01P0 tutear
tuteémostelo V0R01P0 tutear
tuteémostela V0R01P0 tutear
tuteémostelos V0R01P0 tutear
tuteémostelas V0R01P0 tutear
tuteémostele V0R01P0 tutear
tuteémosteles V0R01P0 tutear
tuteémosselo V0R01P0 tutear
tuteémossela V0R01P0 tutear
tuteémosselos V0R01P0 tutear
tuteémosselas V0R01P0 tutear
tuteémossele V0R01P0 tutear
tuteémosseles V0R01P0 tutear
tuteémonoslo V0R01P0 tutear
tuteémonosla V0R01P0 tutear
tuteémonoslos V0R01P0 tutear
tuteémonoslas V0R01P0 tutear
tuteémonosle V0R01P0 tutear
tuteémonosles V0R01P0 tutear
tuteémossenos V0R01P0 tutear
tutead V0R02P0 tutear
tuteadme V0R02P0 tutear
tuteadse V0R02P0 tutear
tuteadlo V0R02P0 tutear
tuteadla V0R02P0 tutear
tuteadlos V0R02P0 tutear
tuteadlas V0R02P0 tutear
tuteadle V0R02P0 tutear
tuteadles V0R02P0 tutear
tuteadnos V0R02P0 tutear
tuteádmelo V0R02P0 tutear
tuteádmela V0R02P0 tutear
tuteádmelos V0R02P0 tutear
tuteádmelas V0R02P0 tutear
tuteádmele V0R02P0 tutear
tuteádmeles V0R02P0 tutear
tuteádselo V0R02P0 tutear
tuteádsela V0R02P0 tutear
tuteádselos V0R02P0 tutear
tuteádselas V0R02P0 tutear
tuteádsele V0R02P0 tutear
tuteádseles V0R02P0 tutear
tuteádnoslo V0R02P0 tutear
tuteádnosla V0R02P0 tutear
tuteádnoslos V0R02P0 tutear
tuteádnoslas V0R02P0 tutear
tuteádnosle V0R02P0 tutear
tuteádnosles V0R02P0 tutear
tuteádsenos V0R02P0 tutear
tuteen V0R03P0 tutear
tutéenme V0R03P0 tutear
tutéense V0R03P0 tutear
tutéenlo V0R03P0 tutear
tutéenla V0R03P0 tutear
tutéenlos V0R03P0 tutear
tutéenlas V0R03P0 tutear
tutéenle V0R03P0 tutear
tutéenles V0R03P0 tutear
tutéennos V0R03P0 tutear
tutéenmelo V0R03P0 tutear
tutéenmela V0R03P0 tutear
tutéenmelos V0R03P0 tutear
tutéenmelas V0R03P0 tutear
tutéenmele V0R03P0 tutear
tutéenmeles V0R03P0 tutear
tutéenselo V0R03P0 tutear
tutéensela V0R03P0 tutear
tutéenselos V0R03P0 tutear
tutéenselas V0R03P0 tutear
tutéensele V0R03P0 tutear
tutéenseles V0R03P0 tutear
tutéennoslo V0R03P0 tutear
tutéennosla V0R03P0 tutear
tutéennoslos V0R03P0 tutear
tutéennoslas V0R03P0 tutear
tutéennosle V0R03P0 tutear
tutéennosles V0R03P0 tutear
tutéensenos V0R03P0 tutear
tutear V0N0000 tutear
tutearme V0N0000 tutear
tutearte V0N0000 tutear
tutearse V0N0000 tutear
tutearlo V0N0000 tutear
tutearla V0N0000 tutear
tutearlos V0N0000 tutear
tutearlas V0N0000 tutear
tutearle V0N0000 tutear
tutearles V0N0000 tutear
tutearnos V0N0000 tutear
tuteármelo V0N0000 tutear
tuteármela V0N0000 tutear
tuteármelos V0N0000 tutear
tuteármelas V0N0000 tutear
tuteármele V0N0000 tutear
tuteármeles V0N0000 tutear
tuteártelo V0N0000 tutear
tuteártela V0N0000 tutear
tuteártelos V0N0000 tutear
tuteártelas V0N0000 tutear
tuteártele V0N0000 tutear
tuteárteles V0N0000 tutear
tuteárselo V0N0000 tutear
tuteársela V0N0000 tutear
tuteárselos V0N0000 tutear
tuteárselas V0N0000 tutear
tuteársele V0N0000 tutear
tuteárseles V0N0000 tutear
tuteárnoslo V0N0000 tutear
tuteárnosla V0N0000 tutear
tuteárnoslos V0N0000 tutear
tuteárnoslas V0N0000 tutear
tuteárnosle V0N0000 tutear
tuteárnosles V0N0000 tutear
tuteársenos V0N0000 tutear
tuteando V0G0000 tutear
tuteándome V0G0000 tutear
tuteándote V0G0000 tutear
tuteándose V0G0000 tutear
tuteándolo V0G0000 tutear
tuteándola V0G0000 tutear
tuteándolos V0G0000 tutear
tuteándolas V0G0000 tutear
tuteándole V0G0000 tutear
tuteándoles V0G0000 tutear
tuteándonos V0G0000 tutear
tuteándomelo V0G0000 tutear
tuteándomela V0G0000 tutear
tuteándomelos V0G0000 tutear
tuteándomelas V0G0000 tutear
tuteándomele V0G0000 tutear
tuteándomeles V0G0000 tutear
tuteándotelo V0G0000 tutear
tuteándotela V0G0000 tutear
tuteándotelos V0G0000 tutear
tuteándotelas V0G0000 tutear
tuteándotele V0G0000 tutear
tuteándoteles V0G0000 tutear
tuteándoselo V0G0000 tutear
tuteándosela V0G0000 tutear
tuteándoselos V0G0000 tutear
tuteándoselas V0G0000 tutear
tuteándosele V0G0000 tutear
tuteándoseles V0G0000 tutear
tuteándonoslo V0G0000 tutear
tuteándonosla V0G0000 tutear
tuteándonoslos V0G0000 tutear
tuteándonoslas V0G0000 tutear
tuteándonosle V0G0000 tutear
tuteándonosles V0G0000 tutear
tuteándosenos V0G0000 tutear
tuteado V0P00SM tutear
tuteada V0P00SF tutear
tuteados V0P00PM tutear
tuteadas V0P00PF tutear
tuve VIIP1S0 tener
tuviera VISI1S0 tener
tuvierais VISI2P0 tener
tuviéramos VISI1P0 tener
tuvieran VISI3P0 tener
tuvieras VISI2S0 tener
tuviere VISF1S0 tener
tuviereis VISF2P0 tener
tuviéremos VISF1P0 tener
tuvieren VISF3P0 tener
tuvieres VISF2S0 tener
tuvieron VIIF3P0 tener
tuviese VISI1S0 tener
tuvieseis VISI2P0 tener
tuviésemos VISI1P0 tener
tuviesen VISI3P0 tener
tuvieses VISI2S0 tener
tuvimos VII1P00 tener
tuviste VII2S00 tener
tuvisteis VIIP2P0 tener
tuvo VII3S00 tener
