glacial AGIS000 glacial
glaciales AGIP000 glacial
glacial AGIS000 glacial
glaciales AGIP000 glacial
glauco AGMS000 glauco
glaucos AGMP000 glauco
glauca AGFS000 glauco
glaucas AGFP000 glauco
global AGIS000 global
globales AGIP000 global
global AGIS000 global
globales AGIP000 global
globoso AGMS000 globoso
globosos AGMP000 globoso
globosa AGFS000 globoso
globosas AGFP000 globoso
globular AGIS000 globular
globulares AGIP000 globular
globular AGIS000 globular
globulares AGIP000 globular
glorioso AGMS000 glorioso
gloriosos AGMP000 glorioso
gloriosa AGFS000 glorioso
gloriosas AGFP000 glorioso
glotones AGMP000 glotón
glotona AGFS000 glotón
glotón AGMS000 glotón
