robusto AGMS000 robusto
robustos AGMP000 robusto
robusta AGFS000 robusto
robustas AGFP000 robusto
rocoso AGMS000 rocoso
rocosos AGMP000 rocoso
rocosa AGFS000 rocoso
rocosas AGFP000 rocoso
rodante AGIS000 rodante
rodantes AGIP000 rodante
rodante AGIS000 rodante
rodantes AGIP000 rodante
roedor AGMS000 roedor
roedores AGMP000 roedor
roedora AGFS000 roedor
roedoras AGFP000 roedor
rojo AGMS000 rojo
rojos AGMP000 rojo
roja AGFS000 rojo
rojas AGFP000 rojo
rojizo AGMS000 rojizo
rojizos AGMP000 rojizo
rojiza AGFS000 rojizo
rojizas AGFP000 rojizo
rollizo AGMS000 rollizo
rollizos AGMP000 rollizo
rolliza AGFS000 rollizo
rollizas AGFP000 rollizo
romo AGMS000 romo
romos AGMP000 romo
roma AGFS000 romo
romas AGFP000 romo
romano AGMS000 romano
romanos AGMP000 romano
romana AGFS000 romano
romanas AGFP000 romano
romance AGIS000 romance
romances AGIP000 romance
romance AGIS000 romance
romances AGIP000 romance
románico AGMS000 románico
románicos AGMP000 románico
románica AGFS000 románico
románicas AGFP000 románico
romanista AGIS000 romanista
romanistas AGIP000 romanista
romanista AGIS000 romanista
romanistas AGIP000 romanista
romántico AGMS000 romántico
románticos AGMP000 romántico
romántica AGFS000 romántico
románticas AGFP000 romántico
romero AGMS000 romero
romeros AGMP000 romero
romera AGFS000 romero
romeras AGFP000 romero
ronco AGMS000 ronco
roncos AGMP000 ronco
ronca AGFS000 ronco
roncas AGFP000 ronco
roñoso AGMS000 roñoso
roñosos AGMP000 roñoso
roñosa AGFS000 roñoso
roñosas AGFP000 roñoso
ropero AGMS000 ropero
roperos AGMP000 ropero
ropera AGFS000 ropero
roperas AGFP000 ropero
rosa AGIS000 rosa
rosas AGIP000 rosa
rosa AGIS000 rosa
rosas AGIP000 rosa
rosado AGMS000 rosado
rosados AGMP000 rosado
rosada AGFS000 rosado
rosadas AGFP000 rosado
roto AGMS000 roto
rotos AGMP000 roto
rota AGFS000 roto
rotas AGFP000 roto
rotativo AGMS000 rotativo
rotativos AGMP000 rotativo
rotativa AGFS000 rotativo
rotativas AGFP000 rotativo
rotatorio AGMS000 rotatorio
rotatorios AGMP000 rotatorio
rotatoria AGFS000 rotatorio
rotatorias AGFP000 rotatorio
rotundo AGMS000 rotundo
rotundos AGMP000 rotundo
rotunda AGFS000 rotundo
rotundas AGFP000 rotundo
